Extend the range of your current Airlink101TM or other wireless network. Compatible with products using AtherosTM Super GTM technology for 108*Mbps.Works best with Airlink101 AWLC4130 (Super GTM Wireless Cardbus Adapter), AWLH4130 (Super GTM Wireless PCI Adapter), and AWLL4030 (Super GTM Wireless USB Adapter).

Compaq 100MB ATAPI ZIP XP WKstn Drive

The Basics

Awarded 4 Stars by PC Magazine July, 2004! The LapLogic G650 Laptop / Notebook Lap Desk is the top-of-the-line product in the LapLogic Guardian Series of rigid laptop desks. The patent pending C2R Thermal Technology blocks all three forms of notebook heat - radiant, conductive and convective - providing up to 57F of laptop heat protection! No moving parts, cables or power connections. The rigid body is only 0.5" thick and at 17 oz it is highly portable. Special design keeps you cool, without blocking laptop fans or vents, so your laptop runs at normal temperatures. No-slip surfaces allow you to use your laptop in positions you never could before, improving the ergonomics and increasing your comfort! By allowing you to use your laptop longer it pays for itself in less than 5 days. Designed specifically for power laptop users who demand the highest performance and who experience the hottest laptop temperatures. Works with all laptops, regardless of make, model or size. Available in 3 metallic accented colors. 1 year manufacturer warranty.

Enjoy all the luxuries of your PC at home when youM-^Rre on the go with this HP N5425 laptop. Tucked inside its slim, 7.5 lbs. case is the new, Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating system powering the 900MHz AMD AthlonM-^Y processor, 20GB hard drive, 256MB SDRAM, and combination DVD/CD-RW drive. You can watch movies or create your own CDs any time, even on the go. With all these features you wonM-^Rt mind being away from your desk for awhile.

Offering the look of a flat panel monitor at a more affordable price, the Envision EN-780 was designed with a full 16-inch virtually flat viewing screen that reduces distortion, making it ideal for graphical-intensive applications. Its 1,600 x 1,200 dpi resolution, 0.25-millimeter dot pitch, and 20 programmable viewing options provide users with a fully customizable picture, vivid colors, and crisp detail. Plug-and-play connections permit fast and easy installation, and the manufacturer includes a three-year warranty that covers parts and labor.

Built on a strong foundation of engineering expertise, the HP Compaq nx7000 provides the ultimate in widescreen technology, performance, and freedom of mobility for today's business needs. Medium-sized at 6.6 pounds, the nx7000 is powered by a battery friendly Pentium M (Centrino) processor and Windows XP Professional operating system. Working on the road will be comfortable with the large 15.4-inch screen. This notebook also features a 40 GB hard drive, 512 MB installed RAM, DVD-ROM drive, and 802.11b wireless connectivity.  The Basics  Hard Drive

3 in 1 PS 2 Multimedia Keyboard Scroll Mouse & Speakers Kit Black

With the Vaio PCV-MXS20 desktop, Sony has earnestly begun to bridge the gap between computers and entertainment systems. Unlike many preconfigured models, the Vaio PCV-MXS20 emphasizes multimedia performance and, in particular, its sound and video delivery system. If you're looking for a single component that can go from business workhorse to playtime fun center at a moment's notice, you may have found your solution. The most obvious difference between the Vaio PCV-MXS20 and other computers is readily apparent in the form of two large wood-enclosed, two-way loudspeakers. This is a refreshing break from the tiny and often ineffective speakers you'll find accompanying most systems. And to ensure you make good use of its audio output devices, Sony has incorporated a number of multimedia options inside the unit, including a combination DVD-RW/CD-RW drive for recording and playing music CDs, burning home movies onto digital media, or enjoying the latest cinematic releases. And don't forget data backup. With the massive 4.7 GB capacity of a DVD, you may be able to archive all your data on a single disc. If minidiscs are more to your liking, the Vaio PCV-MXS20 is ready to accommodate. Sporting a fully functional minidisc recorder, the unit allows you to burn and play up to 320 minutes of digital audio on each convenient miniature disc. Furthermore, you can listen to FM radio with the system's innovative FM receiver, watch and capture television broadcasts with its MPEG2 real-time encoder/decoder board with TV tuner, and transfer music and images with its integrated MagicGate Memory Stick slot. Fortunately, the Vaio PCV-MXS20 is powerful enough to handle just about anything you want to do. Driven by a 2 GHz Pentium 4 processor with 256 KB of Level 2 cache, 512 MB of fast PC-2100 DDR RAM (expandable to 1 GB), and a 32 MB nVidia GeForce 2 MX graphics board, the system will efficiently run everything but the most video-intensive 3-D games. An accommodating 120 GB hard drive completes an impressive hardware roster. With the Vaio PCV-MXS20, you'll always be connected. The unit features three USB ports (two front and one rear), an LCD monitor (DVI) port, 6-pin i.Link port, digital audio optical port, headphone-out, microphone-in, S-video in and out, and various analog audio jacks. The system's built-in FM antenna helps clear up distant FM signals, and its 10Base-T/100Base-TX Fast Ethernet supports  high-speed LAN and Internet connections. Sony has not included a monitor, allowing you to select one separately. To help get you started, Sony has installed Microsoft's Windows XP Home Edition operating system. Other pre-installed software includes Sony's own Giga Pocket personal video recorder, Adobe Photoshop Elements, Intuit Quicken 2002, and an assortment of music, video, and photo applications.

Compact, Lightweight and Cost-Efficient Storage  Protect valuable data and digital memories for years to come! Fantom Drives USB 2.0 Hard Drives offer the most affordable storage solutions for USB enabled computers. The slick, durable, and compact design provides safety and security for everything from business files to your treasured digital memories, even on the go. From increasing storage space to providing a safe and flexible data backup solution, Fantom Drives USB 2.0 Hard Drives are ideal for home and business users alike.   Easy storage and access for large digital music, photo, video, personal data and multimedia files. Large-capacity drives extend the life of your computer by providing extra storage space. Blazingly fast 7200-RPM high-performance drives with a 2MB cache to effortlessly handle large amounts of data. Fanless design for silent operation	200GB USB 2.0 7200 RPM

The HP Pavilion a1700n comes loaded with the all tools you need to easily create, manage, share, and enjoy your digital photos, home videos, movies, and music. You can easily burn your home video productions to DVD for friends and family with the dual-layer, multi-format DVD/CD burner, which enables you to store up to 8.5 GB of data on a DL disc and provides a super-fast 16x DVD+R/-R write speed. It also includes LightScribe technology for personalized silkscreen-quality, laser-etched CD/DVD labels created right in the drive.   This desktop is powered by the 2.0 GHz AMD Athlon 64 X2 3800+ dual-core processor, which increases the efficiency and speed of the PC while running multiple programs and the latest multi-threaded software. Store more music, videos, and data on the roomy 250 GB Serial ATA hard drive, which offers fast transfer rates. It also comes loaded with 1 GB of RAM (which can be bumped up to 4 GB), an integrated Nvidia GeForce 6150 video/graphics card with 128 MB of dedicated video RAM, a wide variety of connection ports on both the front and rear of the box, and a 9-in-1 memory card reader that's compatible with today's most popular digital camera formats.  It comes preinstalled with Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium, which includes all of the Windows Media Center capabilities for turning your PC into an all-in-one home entertainment center. In addition to easily playing your DVD movies and managing your digital audio library, you'll be able to record and watch your favorite TV shows (even HDTV). Vista also integrates new search tools throughout the operating system, includes new parental control features, and offers new tools that can warn you of impending hardware failures.   The Basics  Processor

As a business notebook, lightweight notebook, or desktop-replacement system, the Omnibook 6100 stands out. Its Pentium III chip runs at a fast 1.13 GHz, and it comes with 256 MB of memory that's expandable to a full gigabyte. The notebook's large 15-inch screen supports XGA (1,024 x 768) resolution. An 8x DVD-ROM drive and 30 GB hard disk drive are included, as are a modem and networking support. Yet all these features don't bloat the Omnibook

Boost your digital camera's capabilities with this SmartMedia digital "film" from Lexar. It adds a full 128MB of memory to your camera, allowing you to record your high-resolution digital images in a safe, convenient, durable, easy-to-use format. It's fully compatible with any SmartMedia-enabled digital camera, and slips easily into a memory slot to help speed up your camera's processing time and capacity. Paired with a SmartMedia Reader or Universal Reader (each sold separately), the card provides an efficient image-transfer solution that conserves your camera's battery life. Can also be used in many PDAs, video recorders and MP3 players. No. SM128-260. Imported.

The HP Pavilion a1730n comes loaded with the all tools you need to easily create, manage, share, and enjoy your digital photos, home videos, movies, and music. You can easily burn your home video productions to DVD for friends and family with the dual-layer, multi-format DVD/CD burner, which enables you to store up to 8.5 GB of data on a DL disc and provides a super-fast 16x DVD+R/-R write speed. It also includes LightScribe technology for personalized silkscreen-quality, laser-etched CD/DVD labels created right in the drive.   This desktop is powered by the 2.4 GHz AMD Athlon 64 X2 4600+ dual-core processor, which increases the efficiency and speed of the PC while running multiple programs and the latest multi-threaded software. Store more music, videos, and data on the very roomy 320 GB Serial ATA hard drive, which offers fast transfer rates. It also comes loaded with 1 GB of RAM (which can be bumped up to 4 GB), an integrated Nvidia GeForce 6150 video/graphics card with 128 MB of dedicated video RAM, a wide variety of connection ports on both the front and rear of the box, a 9-in-1 memory card reader, and a built-in drive bay for an optional HP Pocket Media Drive.  It comes preinstalled with Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium, which includes all of the Windows Media Center capabilities for turning your PC into an all-in-one home entertainment center. In addition to easily playing your DVD movies and managing your digital audio library, you'll be able to record and watch your favorite TV shows (even HDTV). Vista also integrates new search tools throughout the operating system, includes new parental control features, and offers new tools that can warn you of impending hardware failures.   The Basics  Processor

11-in-1 USB 2.0 Black Card Reader

Magnificent eye catching style with brilliant glossy auto paint finish and a large side window, plus 6 x bright blue LED lights on front panel, this Apevia X-Dreamer II make you "Wow and wow!" the moment you see it. The rock solid chassis is loaded with great features-front USB2.0 and audio accessible ports for multimedia connections, front LCD temperature readout safeguards your system and components from overheating, innovative 5.25" drive doors unify the color of front panel, plenty of room and drive bays (10) serve all your current needs and future upgrades, and 2 x built-in 80mm UV blue LED fans add a nice breeze to your system and brighten up the entire room. Folded edges, plenty of internal space to work with, removable motherboard tray, thumb screws on side panel ensure your installation safe and easy. Available in 6 astonishing colors(Black, Silver, Blue, Beige, Green and Yellow), X-Dreamer II is impeccable in its style, versatility, features and quality.		Brand

If multimedia is a family affair in your home, Hewlett-Packards Pavilion 513n desktop PC will be a welcome addition to your household. A combination DVD/CD-RW drive turns the 513n into the ideal family multimedia center for viewing movies on DVD and creating music CDs. The 513n features a 1.8 GHz Intel Celeron processor and a 60 GB hard drive with plenty of room for downloading, creating, and storing data files and digital music and photography. The tower PC includes a DVD/CD-RW drive (40x/8x/8x, 16x DVD) for viewing DVD movies, creating and listening to music, and backing up data. It also includes integrated AC-97 Polk Audio stereo speakers with Power Port technology, and MPEG2 for full-motion video. An integrated Intel Extreme Graphics card--with up to 64 MB of shared video memory--offers impressive display capabilities for nearly any monitor you might connect to this system. The tower includes a V.90 56K data/fax modem, an integrated 10/100Base-T Fast Ethernet interface, three PCI expansion slots (two available), six available USB 2.0 ports, and an available serial and parallel port. An HP Pavilion PS2 keyboard and a two-button PS2 scrolling mouse also are included, and the tower includes a 3.5-inch 1.44 MB floppy drive. Total memory slots include two DIMM slots (one available). Primary (L1) cache includes 8 KB of data cache. Secondary (L2) cache includes 128 KB of secondary-level cache. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition; Corel WordPerfect Productivity Pack, including WordPerfect 10 and Quattro Pro 10; HP RecordNow; InterVideo WinDVD SE; ArcSoft PhotoImpression, Fun House and Greeting Card Creator; Intuit Quicken Financial Center/Quicken 2002 New User Edition; Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0; Norton AntiVirus 2002 with six months of free upgrades; and two free Game Channel titles.

Use this physical switch to control your telephone lines. One turn switches focus from one RJ-11port to another. Choose between four- and two-port versions.

Targeting the demanding home and home office computer user who can't  quite afford the absolute latest and greatest in state-of-the-art portable  computing, the Compaq Presario 722US notebook is a good tradeoff between price  and performance.  At 10.6 by 12.4 by 1.64 inches and 6.39 pounds, the 722US is a bit larger than  today's most recent examples of micro-miniaturization, yet substantially more  compact than many other comparably priced units. Outfitted with a cost-effective  1 GHz AMD Duron processor (64 KB of Level 2 cache), 256 MB of SDRAM (expandable  to 384 MB), and a Via ProSavage KN133 video card with 32 MB of video memory, it  will efficiently run most common notebook applications and even some 3-D games.  Hard-core gamers and anyone who plans to work extensively with complex 3-D  graphics may wish to look beyond this model to the Presario 725US notebook or  Presario 6024US desktop. Sporting a sleek design and a futuristic two-tone, black-on-silver color scheme,  the Presario 722US is as stylish as it is functional. To handle your valuable  files and programs, Compaq has equipped the unit with a 20 GB hard drive and a  3.5-inch floppy disk drive. A combination DVD/CD-RW drive allows you to back up  large amounts of data, burn and play music CDs, and watch DVD movies. A  14.1-inch, active-matrix viewing screen capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution and a  three-way JBL speaker system with enhanced bass response help bring all your  multimedia applications to life. The 722US keyboard is equipped with numerous one-touch multimedia, Internet, and  e-mail buttons, and a scroll wheel and touch pad for convenient navigation. The  unit features numerous ports and connections, including two USB jacks for  plug-and-play peripherals such as joysticks and digital cameras, a single  parallel port for printers, a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection, an  all-purpose PC Card slot, a PS2 jack for an external mouse or keyboard, a VGA  video out for external monitors, an S-video TV-out, and speaker and microphone  ports. A 56K modem delivers low-speed Internet and e-mail connectivity. To help  get you started, Compaq has preinstalled a number of useful software products,  including Microsoft's latest operating system, Windows XP, Microsoft Works 6.0,  and Microsoft Money 2001.

QA Worldwide Cable Clamp - Many electronic systems (ie. computers, audio/video systems) have something in common - connecting wires and cables. Often these cables can become tangled, unruly, and messy. The award-winning design offers unparalleled utility for a wide variety of uses. QAW Cable Clamps are the best way to help keep cables organized, secure, and neat. The Cable Clamp is reusable over and over again, unlike cable ties, twist ties, rope, rubber bands and tape. Constructed of durable polymers and stainless steel, the Cable Clamp's user-friendly operation, features self-aligning, self-locking technologies. It can be opened and closed with one hand quickly yet it holds cables securely.

If your work is keeping you on the run, this HP ZE1210 laptop might be the perfect travel companion. Tackle any project when youM-^Rre on the go with the AMD AthlonM-^Y XP 1400+ processor, 20GB hard drive, and 256MB SDRAM memory. Staying connected is easy with both a V.90 modem and 10/100 Ethernet card built in. The 14.1" XGA TFT display shows off your work in brilliant color. And to make sure you donM-^Rt get bored, there's a DVD/CD-RW drive that lets you view movies or burn CDs.

This audio adapter is provided with 3 stereo outputs for headphones, 2.1, 4.1 or 5.1 speaker systems. It lets you enjoy Dolby Digital Home Cinema and digital music on 5.1 channels. D audio with Sensaura engine is included for a realistic gaming experience on up to 5.1 speaker kits. The sound card is Microsoft Windows and XP compatible. It comes with a great software suite including PowerDVD 4.0. It requires installation into a desktop PC and is PCI 2.1 slot compatible.  Microsoft Windows and XP compatiblity   General MIDI connector   External Connectors -  independent stereo outputs for connecting 6 speakers -  front speakers out; rear speakers out; Center / LFE out / Inputs -  Mic-In, stereo Line-In, game port / MIDI MPU-401                                             Minimum System Requirements - Intel Pentium MMX 233 MHz/ AMD-K6 & higher or compatible,  64MB RAM, 10MB hard disk space (more to install games), CD-ROM or DVD-ROM drive, Windows 2000, Win ME, Win XP, Win 98SE     Speakers are not included

Apple's all-in-one eMac, originally designed for the education market, is now available to everyone. The most affordable G4-based computer series ever, the eMac now includes Apple's SuperDrive, which allows you to burn both recordable DVDs and CDs, along with a suite of Apple software that will allow your digital creativity to flow from the moment you plug in the computer. The new SuperDrive-equipped eMac model is the industry's lowest-cost way to author and burn custom DVDs that play in most consumer DVD players. Apple's award-winning iMovie and iDVD applications come pre-installed on the new eMac, enabling users to edit their video and create and burn their own custom DVDs without buying additional software. The popular eMac features a stunning 17-inch flat CRT display in a remarkably compact design. Its shape lets you conserve desk space--the entire computer is smaller than most 17-inch displays, yet it includes not only the display, but also an integrated high-performance stereo audio system with a 16-watt digital amplifier, as well as the SuperDrive. In fact, it's actually less deep (by about 8 mm) than the original groundbreaking 15-inch iMac. It also features 256 MB of system memory, a 60 GB hard drive, and an nVidia GeForce2 MX graphics processor for stunning graphics display. The eMac's 700 MHz PowerPC G4 processor uses Velocity Engine technology, which makes multimedia tasks like CD burning and digital video editing faster and easier. In addition, it includes Apple's industry-leading suite of digital lifestyle applications. That includes iPhoto for managing and sharing digital photographs, iMovie for creating digital movies, and iTunes for creating a digital music library, as well as iDVD. With five USB ports and two high-speed FireWire ports, the eMac offers easy plug-and-play connections to popular peripherals such as digital video camcorders, digital still cameras, printers, and scanners. A built-in 56K modem means you won't need any additional hardware to connect to the Internet. In addition, the eMac comes with a built-in Ethernet connection, which allows it to join your home, office, or school network. An AirPort slot makes it easy to connect the eMac to a wireless network with the addition of an AirPort card.

Whether you're seeking a notebook for business or entertainment, or as a  replacement for a desktop system at home, the Toshiba Satellite 5005-S504 is a  product worth considering. Some of its more appealing features are a 1.1 GHz  Pentium III processor, a combination CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive, 512 MB of RAM, and a 30 GB hard disk. Also housed in its 6.9-pound,  1.8-inch-high case are a 56K modem, a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC, and a 15-inch,  active-matrix display with 1,024 x 768 resolution. The system comes with Windows  XP, Microsoft's newest operating system, and the Lotus SmartSuite productivity  suite pre-installed.	Toshiba SAT 5005-S504 P3-1.1GHZ 30GB 512MB XP 15-TFT DVD/CDRW 56K ENET

This is a Netgear Range Max, great for homes with multiple computers!!

IBM Thinkpad T23 P3-M1.13 30GB 128M W2K 14.1-XGA 8X-DVD 56K ENET WLAN

Most everything you could want in a state-of-the-art desktop computer youll find inside Sonys stunning new Vaio PCG GRX690 notebook. Although slightly heavier (8 pounds) and marginally larger (14 by 11.5 by 1.8 inches) than some Sony portables, the GRX690 nevertheless delivers a feature list that only a year ago was reserved for stationary multicomponent PCs. Sporting a 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache, a 400 MHz bus, and 512 MB of DDR SDRAM, the GRX690 is built for speed. Sony has complemented the systems powerful engine with a 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500 video accelerator to make quick work of all but the most graphics-intensive 3-D applications and games, and a 60 GB hard drive to ensure enough room to store all your goodies. Its 16.1-inch, high-resolution 1,600 x 1,200 UXGA TFT display (the same viewing area as most 17-inch PC monitors) is one of the largest of any notebook. Its combination DVD-RW/CD-RW drive allows you to watch the latest cinematic releases, burn home movies onto digital media, record and play music compilations, listen to retail CDs on the integrated stereo speakers, and back up and archive your important files and data. Sony has packed the system with high-end amenities, including a Memory Stick Media Slot for Memory Stick or MagicGate media, an i.Link IEEE 1394 interface for fast data uploads from devices such as digital camcorders, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a TV-out, a parallel port, a microphone-in, and a headphone jack. To ensure you keep in touch wherever you go, the GRX690 features an internal V.90 modem for basic Web and e-mail access, and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface for high-speed surfing and LAN connectivity. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition and an enormous array of business and multimedia utilities.

Portfolios with handles offer durable vinyl with fabric lining. Spring-open frames provide quick access, secure closure with no zipping. Hold legal-size papers and files. Comfortable handles provide easy carrying.

Some users simply don't need the power of a high-end portable computer.  Nor do they want to pay the price such cutting-edge technology demands. For  them, Toshiba's Satellite 1005-S157 notebook may be just the ticket. Although it  won't effectively run today's most demanding programs, the 1005-S157 will  capably support applications such as word processing, client and sales contact  management, e-mail, and Internet surfing, all at a price that won't break the  bank. It won't break your back either. The ultra-affordable 1005-S157 is also  ultraportable at just 10.6 by 12.2 by 1.4 inches in diameter and a mere 6.17  pounds. At the heart of the system is Intel's 1.06 GHz Celeron processor, a  cost-effective chip that handles most basic tasks in a timely manner and sports  256 KB of Level 2 cache for improved data speed. Toshiba has paired this  processor with 256 MB of SDRAM (expandable to 512 MB), an adequate amount for  most any mobile application. At 15 GB, the 1005-S157's hard drive will suffice nicely for most uses but is  not intended to handle a flock of space-hogging programs or files. The unit's  single modular bay will support a recordable CD-RW drive yet is thoughtfully  configured by default with a DVD player, through which you can enjoy your  favorite movies on those long cross-country trips. A 3.5-inch floppy disk drive  is ready to run older and smaller programs or provide quick data backup. To help you better experience your multimedia goodies, the system features an  efficient two-way, end-mounted speaker system and a 14.1-inch TFT active-matrix  display capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution. Die-hard gamers should note that the  integrated 8 MB Intel 830MG video controller is adequate for most applications  but not powerful enough for the latest and greatest 3-D games or animation  packages. Although it is substantially less expensive than Toshiba's top-of-the-line  Satellite notebook, the 1005-S157 nevertheless offers a similarly attractive  metallic blue-silver color scheme and futuristic design. Under the hood, you'll  find a keyboard section featuring 85 full-size keys, 12 additional function  keys, a TouchPad pointing device, and scroll function. Expandability is somewhat  limited, yet the unit is equipped with two all-purpose PC card slots, three USB  ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a parallel printer port, and a 56K modem  for basic Internet connectivity. To help get you started, Toshiba has preconfigured the 1005-S157 with a number  of useful software products, including Microsoft's Windows XP operating system,  Lotus SmartSuite Millennium Edition, and Intuit Quicken Basic 2001.

Apple has changed the world of computers again. The latest version of  the iMac is designed around a stunning 15-inch LCD flat screen that's brighter,  sharper, and easier on the eyes than old-fashioned CRT displays. And instead of  requiring your neck, shoulders, and back to do the adjusting, the new iMac's  display literally glides through the air--allowing you to effortlessly adjust  its height or angle with a touch of your finger. Inside its ultracompact  10.6-inch base lives the fastest iMac ever, with a 700 MHz PowerPC G4 processor  that blazes through Mac OS X applications. Throw in a CD-R/RW drive that lets  you burn your own custom CDs and you'll see why the new iMac is several leaps  ahead of any other computer out there.  How did Apple pack so much into such a small space? Credit a design approach  that optimized every bit of space and resulted in no wasted corners. Starting  with a custom-designed circular logic board that fills the entire diameter of  the base, Apple created space to fit in a full-height optical drive such as the  SuperDrive. On top of the optical drive are a high-capacity, 3.5-inch hard disk  drive and even the power supply--a split design that tucks neatly into the top  of the base. The iMac comes with Mac OS X installed to run virtually all existing Mac  applications beautifully, but it really shines when running the thousands of new  titles designed specifically for it, like Microsoft's new Office v.X--the best  Office yet. Mac OS X is the ultimate platform for the digital lifestyle,  delivering best-of-class connectivity and built-in applications that give you  what you need to get the most out of your digital tools and toys. Every iMac has two superfast 400 Mbps FireWire ports built in, so you can easily  connect to high-speed devices like the iPod, digital camcorders, and external  disk drives. Five 12 Mbps USB ports let you connect your iMac to hundreds of  digital cameras, printers, scanners, external hard disks, and joysticks. The iMac is also the quickest way to get on the Internet. It's so easy to set up  and use, you'll be online and surfing the Web in 10 minutes or less using the  built-in 56K modem, 10/100Base-T Ethernet port for broadband, or with an  optional AirPort Card to surf wirelessly. The Internet Setup Assistant appears  the first time your iMac is powered on and automatically configures your system  for your ISP. All you need is phone service--the iMac comes complete with  everything else.

Each ECTACO dictionary software provides fast and accurate translation of 400,000 words on average for each language pair. The dictionary provides several translations for each word. This pack consists of 3 CD-ROMs

Looking for a business notebook or substitute for a desktop system? HP's Omnibook XE3 offers a lot to like, including a 15-inch active-matrix screen with 1,024 x 768 resolution. The 900 MHz Pentium III processor has 256 MB RAM to work with. Mass storage includes a 20 GB hard disk drive and a CD-RW/DVD-ROM combo drive. A 56K modem and 100 Mbps Ethernet networking are included, too. The system comes with Windows 2000, an operating system that will appeal to business and technical users but is less desirable for home and consumer use.	Hewlett Packard Omnibook XE3 P3-900 20GB 256MBW2K 15-XGA CDRW DVD ENET 56K

Are you ready to place yourself in the big picture? The ViewSonic VPW420 42-inch plasma display delivers a stunning presentation whether in an executive conference room, for video advertising, or for large-scale impact in a public display. No matter where the viewer sits, the 42-inch flat-panel monitor provides high contrast and bright sharp images with a high 852 x 480 native resolution--all in a sleekly designed professional style with a remarkable 3.5-inch profile.The ViewSonic VPW420 is the ideal flat screen, particularly when the information, images, and applications are critical to your objectives. The VPW420 can be operated through a Mac or PC with computer data, or with input video from a wide variety of sources, either selected or programmed. With its high native resolution (VGA, compressed SVGA, and a variety of video formats are supported), images appear crisply detailed and realistic. Employ it to display composite-video, component-video, S-video, and computer data inputs. Plasma technology delivers 350 cd/m of brightness and a 550

As the mid-priced entry in Hewlett-Packard's mid-level 700 series of desktop computers, the HP Pavilion 754n Desktop PC should offer a good balance between cost and performance. And it does. Yet it's also an impressively powerful machine, loaded with a fast Pentium processor and a bevy of high-end features you won't always find at this price point. At the heart of the system lies a data-crunching 2.53 MHz Intel Pentium 4 CPU and 512 MB of PC2100 DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to one full GB). The only potentially weak processing link is the graphics accelerator; an integrated Intel Extreme Graphics chipset with up to 64 MB shared video memory. Though the CPU and memory are ready to blaze through virtually any desktop task, the graphics chipset is not ideal for 3-D animation and drawing packages or the latest 3-D games. HP has clearly constructed the Pavilion 754n to meet the growing demands of those who need alternative methods of data storage and movement. Apart from its massive 80 GB Ultra DMA hard disk, the system sports a 3.5-inch diskette drive, a 48X CD-ROM drive and a DVD+RW/+R drive--the latter of which allows you to burn home movies to disc, create mixed music CDs and backup copious quantities of information. HP has also installed a full half-dozen ultra-fast USB 2.0 ports for plug and play peripherals and two IEEE 1394 ports for high-speed links with external devices such as digital camcorders, scanners and drives. The Pavilion 754n features a broad range of useful amenities, including a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse, an HP Internet Command Center one-touch keyboard, a 10/100 Base-T networking interface for high-speed LAN and e-communication access, an internal 56K modem for low-speed connectivity, and a pair of self-enclosed Polk Audio speakers. It should be noted that the system does not include a monitor, thus allowing users to choose a custom model from the many brands and styles available today.

The Apple Power Macintosh G4/933 (Quicksilver 2002) features an 933 MHz PowerPC 7450 or PowerPC 7455 (G4) processor with the AltiVec "Velocity Engine" vector processing unit, 256k "on chip" level 2 cache, and 2 MB of DDR SDRAM level 3 backside cache. It shipped configured with 256 MB of RAM, a 60 GB Ultra ATA/66 hard drive, a 2X DVD-R/CD-RW drive, and a 4X AGP NVIDIA GeForce4 MX graphics card with 64 MB of DDR SDRAM. AirPort (802.11b) was available by custom configuration.

Top Loading - Microfiber - Black, Pink - Notebook Case

Designed to offer a good balance of performance, portability, and price, Toshiba's Satellite 2405-S201 notebook is one more reason why the Satellite series is such a mainstay of Toshiba's extensive notebook lineup. The 2405-S201 is a powerful computer, but not so powerful that you're forced to pay extra for state-of-the-art components. Driven by a fast 1.6 GHz Pentium 4 processor, with 256 MB of SDRAM (expandable to 512 MB), a fast front-side bus speed of 400 MHz, and a 16 MB TriStar 64C+ graphics chip, the unit will efficiently handle anything but the most technologically advanced 3-D rendering applications and games. Its large 40 GB hard drive offers plenty of storage space, and its combo DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive allows you to archive vast quantities of data, play and burn audio CDs, and enjoy the latest Hollywood blockbusters. Toshiba has even included an internal 3.5-inch floppy disk drive for older applications and smaller backup requirements. Featuring a positional 3-D sound card, an integrated set of stereo speakers, and a generous 14.1-inch XGA TFT active-matrix display capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution and 16 million colors, the 2405-S201 looks and sounds as good as it runs. The unit is not particularly small at 12.8 by 11.2 by 1.7 inches and 7.54 pounds, nor is it so cumbersome that you won't want to take it with you across town or across the country. Wherever you go, the 2405-S201 makes it easy to stay in touch. The system features a wealth of input and output options, including an integrated 56K modem for on-the-road Internet and e-mail access, a 10/100 Ethernet LAN for network connectivity and high-speed surfing, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a headphone and microphone jack, and a PC Card slot. The system's control center features an 85-key keyboard, convenient two-button touch pad, a scroll pad, and hot keys. Toshiba has equipped the 2405-S201 with a bevy of applications, including the Home Edition of Windows XP, Lotus SmartSuite Millennium Edition, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, and Norton AntiVirus 2002.	The 2405-S201 is a powerful computer, but not so powerful that you're forced to pay extra for state-of-the-art components. Driven by a fast 1.6 GHz Pentium 4 processor, with 256 MB of SDRAM (expandable to 512 MB), a fast front-side bus speed of 400 MHz, and a 16 MB TriStar 64C+ graphics chip, the unit will efficiently handle anything but the most technologically advanced 3-D rendering applications and games. Its large 40 GB hard drive offers plenty of storage space, and its combo DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive allows you to archive vast quantities of data, play and burn audio CDs, and enjoy the latest Hollywood blockbusters. Toshiba has even included an internal 3.5-inch floppy disk drive for older applications and smaller backup requirements. 	Featuring a positional 3-D sound card, an integrated set of stereo speakers, and a generous 14.1-inch XGA TFT active-matrix display capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution and 16 million colors, the 2405-S201 looks and sounds as good as it runs. The unit is not particularly small at 12.8 by 11.2 by 1.7 inches and 7.54 pounds, nor is it so cumbersome that you won't want to take it with you across town or across the country. 	Wherever you go, the 2405-S201 makes it easy to stay in touch. The system features a wealth of input and output options, including an integrated 56K modem for on-the-road Internet and e-mail access, a 10/100 Ethernet LAN for network connectivity and high-speed surfing, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a headphone and microphone jack, and a PC Card slot. The system's control center features an 85-key keyboard, convenient two-button touch pad, a scroll pad, and hot keys.

The Sony VAIO XL1B is a 200 disc CD/DVD Changer/Recorder that connects to your Windows XP MCE 2005 PC to create an exciting, interactive entertainment experience. Load the VAIO XL1B with up to 200 CDs and the system automatically and sequentially copies your CD collection to your hard drive. Discs inserted into your VAIO XL1B Changer/Recorder are automatically detected by your PC which downloads metadata for each disc, including box art and artist information, making browsing your CD/DVD collection easy and fun. And with multi-DVD burning, you can conserve PC hard drive space by automatically and sequentially archiving your favorite TV programs to DVD.   Feature List  Interactive Entertainment Experience The sleek, horizontal unit works in conjunction with your PC to create a fun, digital way to manage and browse your media collection. This 200 CD/DVD changer connects to a PC to create an exciting interactive living room entertainment experience. Its massive storage capacity eliminates the need for DVD and CD shelves while protecting your content from scratching and loss.    Fast, Convenient Library Access Organize and energize your CD/DVD collection with the power of a PC and the storage of a 200-disc multimedia changer. The VAIO XL1B is a 200-disc multimedia changer/recorder that works with your Windows XP MCE 2005 PC to digitally organize, browse and enjoy your CD/DVD collection.    Easily Copy CDs to the Hard Drive Load the VAIO XL1B with up to 200 CDs and the system will automatically and sequentially copy your CD collection to your hard drive. Even with hundreds of CDs in your collection, the VAIO XL1B Changer/Recorder provides you with the power to backup your collection with ease.    Store Recorded TV Programs to DVD  The powerful VAIO XL1B Changer/Recorder makes archiving recorded179 TV and movies a breeze. With automatic, sequential multi-DVD burning, you can conserve PC hard drive space by archiving your favorite movies and TV series' to multiple DVDs for your viewing convenience.    Download CD/DVD Jacket Information  Browse your CD/DVD collection like never before. Discs inserted into your VAIO XL1B2 Changer/Recorder are automatically detected by your PC which downloads available metadata for each disc, including jewel case covers and artist information. For movies, an in-depth synopsis is also downloaded in addition to the star, director, producer details and more.	The 200-disc mega-changer stores up to an incredible 1.7 TB of optical data. Keep your CDs and DVDs in one convenient location. Enjoy more of your media and preserve it longer in a secure, enclosed housing that keeps you from misplacing or damaging the entertainment media you love.

The Aspire 5100 is a feature-packed, cost-effective choice for the discerning buyer, with abundant processing power, wireless connectivity, generous hard disk space, enhanced multimedia capabilities and a comprehensive array of I/O ports.

Zebra - Printer label cutter

Equally impressive when used as a business or entertainment notebook,  the Satellite 1800-S204 is a reasonably priced system that comes loaded with  useful features. Consider, for example, its 1 GHz Celeron processor, DVD-ROM  drive, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), and 20 GB hard disk. Also housed in  its 7-pound, 1.8-inch-high case are a 56K modem, a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC, and  a 13.3-inch, active-matrix display with 1,024 x 768 resolution. The system comes with the business-oriented version of Microsoft's newest operating system, Windows XP Professional, pre-installed.	Toshiba SAT 1800-S204 CEL-1GHZ 20GB 256MB XP 13.3-TFT DVD 56K ENET

This TYFB7HM HDMI monitor terminal expansion board supports HDMI, the next-generation digital broadcast standard. It enables fully digital connection of signals from HDMI-compatible DVD players and other digital equipment for blur-free images with no colo

Equally impressive when used as a business or entertainment notebook,  the Satellite 1800-S254 is a reasonably priced system that comes loaded with  useful features. Consider, for example, its 1 GHz Pentium III processor, DVD-ROM  drive, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), and 20 GB hard disk. Also housed in  its 7-pound, 1.8-inch-high case are a 56K modem, a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC, and  a 14.1-inch, active-matrix display with 1,024 x 768 resolution. The system comes with the business-oriented version of Microsoft's newest operating system, Windows XP Professional, pre-installed.	Toshiba SAT 1800-S254 P3-1GHZ 20GB 256MB XP 14.1-TFT DVD 56K ENET

Get into the game with this Sports Kit for Wii! This kit comes with what you need to get into the action. Included in this Sports Kit for Wii is a Baseball Bat for hitting home runs, a Tennis Racquet for acing your opponent, a Golf Club to make that hole in one and a Steering Wheel for the ultimate in fast racing experience!! Make the most out of your Wii sports gaming with the Sports Kit for Wii!

When its time to upgrade a home office desktop PC, some consumers make a beeline for the strongest combination of maximum computing power, deluxe features, and minimum inconvenience. If this describes you, the Compaq Presario 6350US is a solid bet to deliver top-of-the-line satisfaction. Whether youre running advanced productivity software, digital music, 3-D games, or digital imaging and video, the Presario 6350s 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor churns out gobs of industrial-strength performance. The tower systems massive 80 GB hard drive offers capacious application and data file storage. The systems 512 MB of 133 MHz DDR SDRAM--expandable to 1 GB--runs multiple applications without a hiccup. An integrated Intel Extreme graphics chip--including up to 64 MB of shared video memory combined with 8 MB of data cache, 12,000 micro-ops of trace cache, and 512 KB of L2 secondary cache--runs and displays software of all types with plenty of horsepower to spare. Separate CD-RW (40x/40x/10x) and DVD (16x) drives deliver rapid data and audio recording and playback, and error-free movie viewing. Expansion slots in the 14.5-by-16.6-by-6.9-inch Presario 6350 tower include two 5.25-inch bays, an external 3.5-inch bay, two internal 3.5-inch bays (one available), and three PCI slots (two available). The Presario 6350 includes a 10/100Base-T Fast Ethernet networking connection and a built-in 56K V.90 modem for dial-up access, plus a Compaq PS/2 Internet keyboard and Compaq PS/2 scroller mouse. Six built-in USB ports and an external VGA monitor port (monitor not included) offer ease and flexibility in connecting peripherals. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2002, Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe, Intuit Quicken Financial Center/Quicken 2002 New User Edition, RecordNow powered by Veritas, InterVideo WinDVD SE, Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0, Norton AntiVirus 2002 with six months of free upgrades, and two free Game Channel titles.

Take control of your cooling experience with the Sunbeam Rheobus 4-Channel Fan Controller! With the 0-12V manual control knobs, you'll be able to fine-tune your fan speed and CCFL brightness, giving you just the right balance of cooling, noise, and brightness you seek. The included LED indicators and labeled aluminum faceplate give you precision control over your voltage regulation.

Group several of these zippy zebra-striped balls together in an open-weave basket (or, better yet, our coordinating Zebra Bowl) for a super-sophisticated style statement! Polyresin. 4" diameter x 4" high.

Now there's even more to love about Apple's iBook notebook. Weighing in  at an easily portable 4.9 pounds and featuring a 500 MHz PowerPC G3 processor, a  15 GB hard drive, and 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 640 MB)--plus AirPort  wireless networking and FireWire, USB, and Ethernet ports--the iBook connects to  hundreds of peripherals designed to fit your life. This system features a brilliant 12.1-inch TFT XGA active-matrix display and  razor-sharp 1,024 x 768 resolution. It's the perfect place for doing everything  from working on spreadsheets to displaying your movies and digital pictures in  millions of colors (incidentally, the iBook display scales down beautifully,  again with millions of colors, for special games and applications optimized for  800 x 600 or 640 x 480 resolutions). Included is a CD-ROM drive for playing games and music CDs, as well as the  option to upgrade with a DVD-ROM for enjoying DVD movies. The 500 MHz iBook  ships with a 15 GB Ultra ATA hard disk drive, or upgrade to an optional 30 GB  hard drive for even more storage space. In addition, this system comes with the  ATI Rage Mobility 128 graphics accelerator with 8 MB of SDRAM and AGP 2x support  for gorgeous 3-D graphics. The iBook also comes loaded with iPhoto, the cool new software application in  the easy-to-use tradition of iTunes, iMovie, and iDVD. iPhoto makes it a snap to  manage your digital pictures. You can present them in a full-screen slide show  (accompanied by your favorite music), e-mail them to your family and friends,  print them on your inkjet printer, order Kodak prints over the Internet, or have  them made into custom-printed, linen-bound books. In addition to handling digital photos with ease, the iBook lets you make your  own movies--and show them anywhere. Capture digital video footage on your DV  camcorder and turn it into engaging movies with the iMovie 2 software that comes  pre-installed. iMovie lets you transfer video clips from your digital camcorder  to your hard disk, using the included FireWire port. Use iMovie to snip out the  boring parts and enhance the best parts with cool effects, transitions, and  titles. Then add a great soundtrack and you're done. Now watch your finished  movies full-screen on your iBook or use the iMovie Export feature to select from  a range of predefined QuickTime formats for creating and sharing movies. You  can, for example, compress your movies so you can burn them onto a CD or post  them on the Internet, or use the VGA video output port (for video mirroring on  an external display) and an AV port to show your movies and presentations on a  big-screen TV or projector (just add an optional Apple AV cable). For those interested in audio as well as video applications, the iBook comes  with iTunes 2, the software that lets you convert (or "rip") the songs on your  music CDs to MP3 format, simply by clicking a button. iTunes compresses  CD-quality audio files to about a tenth of their original size with very little  loss in audible quality. These significantly smaller file sizes enable you to  store thousands of songs on your iBook's hard disk drive.

Digital Optical Cable, Toslink Type Plugs, 12

Mastering grade 24-bit/192kHz converters - the same A/D converters used in Digidesign's flagship ProTools HD 192 I/O Interface delivering an amazing 120dB signal-to-noise ratio. Hardware-accelerated effects - over 600 standalone and E-MU Power FX VST plug-in effects with no CPU overhead. PatchMix DSP zero-latency hardware mixing and monitoring - with super-flexible patchbay - no external mixer needed. Comprehensive analog and digital I/O plus MIDI - MicroDock M offers 16 inputs/16 outputs plus MIDO I/O - everything from balanced analog and turntable inputs to ADAT and S/PDIF (switchable to AES/EBU). Two E-MU XTC Class-A, ultra-low noise preamps (-129.5dBu) - Mic/Line and true Hi-Z inputs via Neutrik connectors, with analog soft limiter, 48V phantom power and 60dB of gain. Compatibility with most popular audio/sequencer applications - ultra-low latency 24-bit/192kHz ASIO2, WDM and 64-bit drivers. E-MU production Tools Software Bundle - includes Cakewalk SONAR LE, Steinberg Cubase LE and Wavelab Lite, Ableton Live Lite 4 for E-MU, IK Multimedia AmpliTube LE and T-RackS EQ, Minnetonka diskWelder BRONZE, SFX Machine LT, plus E-MU's Proteus X LE Desktop Sound Module - everything you need to create, record, edit, master and burn is in the box.

Secure Digital (SD) is a non-volatile memory card format developed by Panasonic, SanDisk, and Toshiba for use in portable devices. Currently it is widely used in digital cameras, digital camcorders, handheld computers, netbook computers, PDAs, media players, mobile phones, GPS receivers, and video games. Standard SD card capacities have a maximum of 2 GB.[1] The capacity range for high-capacity SDHC cards overlap, beginning at 4 GB, but reaching as high as 32 GB as of mid-2009. SDXC (eXtended Capacity), a new specification announced at the 2009 Consumer Electronics Show, allows for up to 2-TB capacity cards.

With this Sony PCGGR390 laptop you wonM-^Rt have any trouble keeping tabs on your work or catching an occasional movie when you're on the go. This laptop has everything you'll need to stay productive, like a 1.2GHz Intel Pentium III processor, 512MB SDRAM memory, and 30GB hard drive--as well as a combination CD-RW/DVD drive and 15M-^T SXGA+ TFT display. ThereM-^Rs also a Memory Stick media slot, 10/100 Ethernet, and i.LINK port to further your expansion possibilities.

Wireless Router

When it comes to the sleek Apple iMac models, the 800 MHz SuperDrive is the cream of the crop. Sporting the same space-efficient design as the other members of the iMac family, the 800 MHz SuperDrive nevertheless packs more power and features into its familiar dome-shaped housing than even some Power Macs. If multimedia performance and computing speed are just as important to you as a tiny footprint and clean looks, the latest iMac should warrant very careful consideration. Driven by an 800 MHz PowerPC G4 CPU, 256 KB of on-chip Level 2 cache, and a generous 256 MB of SDRAM (expandable to one full GB), the 800 MHz SuperDrive is ready to handle most any standard computer task. To ensure the machine doesn't bog down even during the most graphically intensive operation, Apple has also included a super-fast nVidia GeForce4 MX graphics processor with 32 MB of DDR video memory. However, the crowning touch on this model won't be found inside its case. Instead, it sits atop the slim adjustable neck that has become an iMac trademark. In lieu of the slick 15-inch, flat-screen LCD panels you'll find on other iMacs, the 800 MHz SuperDrive is capped by a crystal clear 17-inch widescreen display that helps deliver your applications, games, and multimedia like never before. With the 800 MHz SuperDrive, saving, transferring, or sharing files and data is never a problem. The unit is equipped with a massive 80 GB Ultra ATA hard disk for permanent storage and a combination DVD-R/CD-RW drive through which you can back up files, burn and enjoy audio CDs, and record large-volume video and audio DVDs. The system also features two state-of-the-art FireWire ports for high-speed uploads and downloads from external devices such as video camcorders or Apple's own iPod, and no fewer than five USB ports (two of which are conveniently located on the keyboard) for peripherals such as digital cameras and joysticks. For its size, the 800 MHz SuperDrive is very well connected. On the rear panel you'll find welcome perks such as a headphone jack, an external VGA monitor port, a speaker mini-jack for the enclosed pair of Apple Pro loudspeakers, and an Ethernet jack for broadband connections. Low-speed Internet and e-mail access is available through the unit's built-in 56K V.90 modem, and high-speed wireless access may be added with Apple's optional AirPort card. An optical Apple Pro mouse, a 108-key Apple Pro keyboard with 15 programmable multimedia keys, and an integrated two-port USB hub complete the hardware picture. Your 800 MHz SuperDrive will arrive ready to go with pre-installed versions of both Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X.

This SATA to LP4 Power Cable Adapter features one LP4 female power connector and a male SATA power connector, allowing you to connect an IDE hard drive to a Serial ATA power connector provided by the computer power supply.

Ultra-affordable but lacking the power and perks of a mid- or high-level unit, the HP Pavilion a210n Desktop PC is built for folks who don't want or don't need to drop a lot of dough on state-of-the-art equipment. Distinct from the entry-level Pavilion a200n by virtue of its larger hard disk and DVD playing capabilities, the Pavilion a210n won't appease those who constantly strain their computer with processor-intensive applications or the latest 3-D games, but is otherwise a solid choice for the budget-conscious user. At the heart of the Pavilion a210n lies a 2.5 GHz Intel Celeron processor. HP has matched this budget-conscious CPU with 256 MB of PC2100 DDR SDRAM, an integrated Intel Extreme graphics chipset with 64 MB of shared (not dedicated) memory, and a surprisingly large 80 GB hard disk. Other data handling tools include a 3.5-inch diskette drive for older or smaller applications and backup needs, a CD-RW drive through which you can play and burn audio CDs and archive information, and a DVD-ROM drive for watching movies. The Pavilion a210n package does not include a display or speakers, nor does it feature an IEEE 1394 FireWire port (normally used for fast data movement to and from external devices such as digital camcorders). It is equipped with a half dozen high-speed USB 2.0 ports for speedy interaction with plug and play peripherals, a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse and a convenient HP Multimedia keyboard. Connectivity options include a low-speed 56K modem and a 10/100Base-T networking interface for high-speed e-communications. The impressive bundled software package features such useful applications as WordPerfect Productivity Pack 2002, WordPerfect 10 and Quattro Pro 10, Intuit Quicken New Users Edition, InterVideo's WinDVD DVD player, and the Windows XP Home Edition operating system.

MACLINKPLUS DELUXE V 16

As Compaq's most affordable lineup of notebook computers, the Presario  700 series delivers more bang for the buck than you might expect. At the high  end of the 700 series is the Presario 715US, a capable notebook that lacks some  of the perks of costlier models such as the business-class Armada but  nonetheless delivers solid performance and desktop-level speed. Featuring the same sleek design and two-tone color scheme seen throughout the  700 series, the Presario 715US looks substantially sportier than many of its  notebook peers. It tips the scales at a comfortable 6.4 pounds and measures in  with a slightly larger than average 10.6-by-12.4-by-1.64-inch profile. Powered  by a 16 MB Via ProSavage graphics card that supports resolutions up to 1,024 x  768, its moderately sized 14.1-inch TFT XGA display is ready to handle all the  movies you'll play on the system's integrated 8x DVD-ROM drive. A 20 GB hard  drive offers plenty of storage space for all the MP3 files you may want to  collect and broadcast through the unit's proficient JBL Audio bass reflex  speaker system. Its keyboard section offers 88 full-size keys, a separate cursor and touch pad,  and a half dozen one-touch buttons for instant access to everyday functions such  as speaker volume, e-mail, and the Internet. A 3.5-inch floppy disk drive  ensures support for programs that have yet to find their way to disc, and a 56K  modem delivers adequate on-the-run Internet access speeds. Identical in most respects to the bestselling Presario 710US, the 715US is  distinguished only by its slightly higher price and superior processor. Compaq  has fitted the unit with a 1.2 GHz AMD Mobile Athlon 4 CPU as opposed to the 1  GHz AMD Duron in the 710US, an upgrade that should move most applications at a  marginally faster clip.  Of even more significance to power users and hard-core gamers is the larger  Level 2 cache. With a total of 512K of L2 cache (vs. 64K for the Duron-equipped  710US), the unit's Athlon processor offers far more instantly accessible  data-memory storage space and therefore an improved level of performance during  particularly complex computing situations. Although some may not fully benefit  from the extra punch, hard-core users will quite likely benefit from dropping a  little extra cash for a lot more cache. The unit's roster of ports includes two USB jacks for plug-and-play peripherals  such as joysticks, a single parallel port for printers, a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet  network connection, an NTSC/PAL port for various video devices, a multipurpose  PC Card slot, an S-video TV-out for television output, jacks for an external  keyboard and desktop monitor, and speaker-out and microphone-in ports. Users will operate their system with the Home Edition of Windows XP, arguably  Microsoft's most stable OS since Windows 98. Other pre-installed software  includes useful utilities such as Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, Microsoft  Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, Norton AntiVirus, Roxio's nifty Easy CD Creator  5.01, InterVideo WinDVD 3.0 DVD player, and a one-year subscription to  Microsoft's Encarta Online Deluxe Encyclopedia.

If youre tempted to replace a desktop computer with a compact high-end system, Hewlett-Packards Pavilion ze5170 notebook PC might be just the ticket. Powered by a 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor and sporting a generous, brilliant 15-inch, active-matrix TFT display, the ze5170 muscles its way through most any productivity or multimedia task. With two USB ports and an ATI Mobility Radeon 3-D graphics chip, its also a quite credible high-end portable gaming machine. The ze5170 serves up heaping portions of memory and storage. Its 40 GB hard drive easily swallows large application and data files, and its 512 MB of 266 MHz DDR SDRAM--expandable to a maximum of 1,024 MB--blazes through any software. An integrated 10/100 Ethernet card makes it simple to network the ze5170, and wireless connectivity is a snap with an optional 802.11b card. The ze5170s external ports include a port replicator and a PCI dock connector, letting you connect to external monitors, mice, and network hookups. Watching DVD movies and listening to or even burning audio CDs is convenient with the ze5170s DVD/CD-RW combination drive (24x/8x/8x, 8x DVD). At roughly 7.5 pounds (depending on configuration) and squeezed into a 13-by-10.7-by-1.8-inch package, the ze5170 wont win any featherweight titles. But from the comfort of a home office or hotel suite--or even the relative discomfort of an airline seat--the ze5170s cool blue lights and full-size, 87-key, spill-resistant keyboard offer a first-class, hands-on experience and smart visuals. Installed software includes a wide range of productivity and multimedia tools. The ze5170 ships with Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition; Corel WordPerfect 9 word processor and Quattro Pro 9 spreadsheet; Quicken Financial Center by Intuit, including New Users Edition 2002; Encyclopedia Britannica Ready Reference; Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0; PowerDirector Pro VE video editing software; My Games 3-D entertainment; ArcSoft PhotoStudio, Funhouse, and PhotoImpression 4 editing tools; and Norton AntiVirus 2002.	This ZE5170 laptop from HPT gives you the power to network, access the Internet, keep track of work, and watch movies when youM-^Rre on the go. It comes equipped with an Intel Pentium 4 processor 2.0GHz, 40GB hard drive, 512MB DDR SDRAM memory, 10/100Base-T Ethernet port, and a combo DVD/CD-RW drive that is all tucked into a compact design. And to complete the package, it features a 15M-^T XGA+ TFT display.

D-Link AirPlus G networks can transfer data up to 54Mbps (up to 5X faster than standard 802.11b networks).  With its advanced firewall and security features, the DI-524 enables users to securely share an Internet connection with wired or wireless computers.

Computer Light.  Computer Light w adaptor for Flat panel

Stay on top of all of your work as well as all the new movies with this Toshiba 1905S277 laptop. This laptop features a DVD/CD-RW combo drive, so not only can you create your own CDs, but you can also watch movies even on the go. The big 15M-^RM-^R XGA TFT display makes viewing much easier. And when it is time to do some work, you can rely on the 1.6GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with a 30GB Ultra DMA hard drive and 256MB SDRAM to help you get everything done in no time.

Compaq knows that today's exciting computer experiences aren't just about what you're looking at--sound has become a vital aspect of gaming and the Internet. The Compaq MV520 multimedia monitor combines feature-rich multimedia and viewing enjoyment at an accessible price. It features a 15-inch screen (13.8 inches viewable), resolutions up to 1,024 X 768, and 0.28-millimeter dot pitch, resulting in excellent picture quality. The MV520 comes equipped with amplified JBL Pro speakers with dynamic bass response to breathe excitement into your audio experience with crisp sound and gut-shaking bass. An integrated microphone lets you record your voice or voice-chat with friends on the Internet. The monitor features color-coded cables to make that snake pit of cords under your desk a little easier to deal with. Thanks to the plug-and-play setup and digital onscreen controls, you can take the monitor out of the box and be enjoying top-notch multimedia within minutes.

This HP ZT1155 laptop computer not only has what you need to catch up on work when youM-^Rre on the go, it also has plenty of features to keep you entertained. A Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor 1.4GHz , 256MB SDRAM memory, and 20GB hard drive provide the power to help you knock out your work. Then you can get back to watching a movie with the DVD/CD-RW drive and 14.1" XGA TFT display. The ZT1155 also keeps you well connected with the built-in V.90 modem and a 10/100 Ethernet Card.

"Full port replication and cable management in a space-saving design, the HP 2400/2500 series Docking Station is compatible with all HP 2400 and 2500 series Notebook PCs."

Compaq's Presario 730US notebook delivers a surprising array of features for such an affordable machine. A high-quality, 14.1-inch display, DVD drive, and built-in networking are just a few of this notebook's first-class features. It's ideal for students on a budget or as a second family PC. At 1.64 by 12.4 by 10.6 inches and 6.39 pounds, this Presario is about average in size and weight for a system with a built-in floppy drive. Its 14.1-inch TFT monitor, powered by the integrated Via Twister K graphics accelerator, delivers high-quality graphics and text at 1,024 x 768 resolution. Using the video-out connector, you can output those graphics to your TV. Combine that with the Presario's DVD-ROM drive to turn it into a portable DVD player. Or watch DVDs right on the display, enjoying the system's JBL Pro Audio speakers with Bass Reflex. Compaq achieves this attractive pricing by using AMD's 1 GHz Mobile Duron CPU, which features PowerNow technology for maximizing battery life. The Duron offers more than enough power for typical home applications like word processing and Web browsing. The system's generous 256 MB of memory lets multiple applications run simultaneously without slowing down. The 20 GB hard drive provides plenty of space for storing applications, digital photos, or music files. The Presario 730US is outfitted with a complete array of connectivity options. An integrated 10/100 Ethernet adapter will connect you to broadband or your home network, and a 56K modem lets you dial up to the Internet. Two USB ports connect to peripherals like digital cameras or scanners, and a parallel port connects to legacy printers. The system's keyboard section features a standard 88-key layout and a touch pad for cursor control. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, a one-year subscription to the Encarta Online Encyclopedia, and Norton AntiVirus 2002.

Targeting the demanding home and home office computer user who can't  quite afford the absolute latest and greatest in state-of-the-art portable  computing, the Compaq Presario 722US notebook is a good tradeoff between price  and performance.  At 10.6 by 12.4 by 1.64 inches and 6.39 pounds, the 722US is a bit larger than  today's most recent examples of micro-miniaturization, yet substantially more  compact than many other comparably priced units. Outfitted with a cost-effective  1.1 GHz AMD Duron processor (64 KB of Level 2 cache), 256 MB of SDRAM  (expandable to 384 MB), and a Via ProSavage KN133 video card with 32 MB of video  memory, it will efficiently run most common notebook applications and even some  3-D games. Hard-core gamers and anyone who plans to work extensively with  complex 3-D graphics may wish to look beyond this model to the Presario 725US  notebook or Presario 6024US desktop. Sporting a sleek design and a futuristic two-tone, black-on-silver color scheme,  the Presario 722US is as stylish as it is functional. To handle your valuable  files and programs, Compaq has equipped the unit with a 20 GB hard drive and a  3.5-inch floppy disk drive. A combination DVD/CD-RW drive allows you to back up  large amounts of data, burn and play music CDs, and watch DVD movies. A  14.1-inch, active-matrix viewing screen capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution and a  three-way JBL speaker system with enhanced bass response help bring all your  multimedia applications to life. The 722US keyboard is equipped with numerous one-touch multimedia, Internet, and  e-mail buttons, and a scroll wheel and touch pad for convenient navigation. The  unit features numerous ports and connections, including two USB jacks for  plug-and-play peripherals such as joysticks and digital cameras, a single  parallel port for printers, a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection, an  all-purpose PC Card slot, a PS2 jack for an external mouse or keyboard, a VGA  video out for external monitors, an S-video TV-out, and speaker and microphone  ports. A 56K modem delivers low-speed Internet and e-mail connectivity. To help  get you started, Compaq has preinstalled a number of useful software products,  including Microsoft's latest operating system, Windows XP, Microsoft Works 6.0,  and Microsoft Money 2001.

The AppleCare Protection Plan extends the complimentary coverage on your Mac to three years of world-class support. The plan includes expert telephone assistance, global repair coverage, onsite repairs for desktop computers,* web-based resources, and TechTool Deluxe from Micromatall for one economical price. Because Apple creates the computer, the operating system, and many built-in applications, the Mac is a truly integrated systemwith vastly superior support. Just one phone call can help resolve most issues with your Mac. The AppleCare Protection Plan provides support for Apple hardware, the Mac OS, and Apple consumer applications, including iLife, iWork, Jam Packs, iChat AV, Mail, Safari, iCal, iSync, AppleWorks, and QuickTime. * Onsite service is not available in all locations.

XFX NVIDIA GeForce MX4000 Graphics Card - 128MB - S-Video

ZALMAN CPU FAN ZM-WB3 GOLD CPU WATER BLOCK RETAIL

At 13.2 by 11.7 by 2 inches, the Toshiba Satellite 1905-S277 is not the  smallest notebook on the market. Nor is it exactly a featherweight at 8.3  pounds. Nevertheless, if you can handle a little extra size, you'll like its  winning combination of affordability and performance. Driven by a powerful 1.6 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with a 400 MHz bus and  256 KB of Level 2 cache for speedy data retrieval and movement, the 1905-S277 is  an exceedingly fast machine. It's efficient too, with lots of temporary data  storage space (256 MB of SDRAM memory, upgradeable to 512 MB), an adequate 30 GB  hard drive, and a combination DVD/CD-RW drive that lets you record music and  data CDs and play your favorite tunes or movies. Toshiba has even added a  3.5-inch floppy disk drive for all your smaller, older applications or quick  backup needs. Hard-core gamers should note that the unit is equipped with a 16  MB ATI Mobility Radeon AGP video card, which provides more than enough graphic  processing power for most general applications but probably not enough for  high-end, 3-D games. Although it may be somewhat larger than Toshiba's top-of-the-line Satellite  notebook, the exceptional 5105-S607, the 1905-S277 offers the same futuristic  blue-gray metallic casing and a slick, curvy design. Both units also feature  several exterior one-touch multimedia controls, a number of convenient interior  hot keys, and a wealth of ports, including two multipurpose PC card slots, three  USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a parallel printer port, and an S-video  out. A 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection and integrated 56K modem ensure  connectivity in any situation. To better help you enjoy your multimedia applications, the 1905-S277 offers a  big 15-inch, active-matrix viewing screen capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution, and  an integrated set of stereo speakers. Toshiba has equipped the unit with a bevy  of applications, including the Home Edition of Windows XP, Lotus SmartSuite  Millennium Edition, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, and Norton AntiVirus 2002.	Stay on top of all of your work as well as all the new movies with this Toshiba 1905S277 laptop. This laptop features a DVD/CD-RW combo drive, so not only can you create your own CDs, but you can also watch movies even on the go. The big 15M-^RM-^R XGA TFT display makes viewing much easier. And when it is time to do some work, you can rely on the 1.6GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with a 30GB Ultra DMA hard drive and 256MB SDRAM to help you get everything done in no time.

P-4, 2GB, 40GB, 256MB, 48X CD-ROM, Ethernet, Win XP Pro

At the midpoint of HP's Pavilion a200n series of personal computers, the Pavilion a230n Desktop PC delivers reasonable performance and upscale perks such as DVD recording at a solid price point. If you're a serious gamer or a demanding business user, you may want to look at either upgrading the unit or opting for HP's new Media Center series, but all others should find the Pavilion a230n a perfect fit. At the heart of the Pavilion a230n lies an AMD Athlon XP 2800+ processor running at 2.08 GHz. HP has matched this efficient yet cost effective CPU with 512 MB of DDR SDRAM, an nVidia GeForce4 MX video card with 64 MB dedicated memory, and a massive 120 GB hard disk. In its stock configuration, the unit will breeze through most 2-D tasks but will have trouble efficiently rendering some high-end 3-D applications and may not be powerful enough for demanding professional environments. The Pavilion a230n is distinct from the model just below it, the a220n, by virtue of its DVD recording capabilities. Unlike the a220n, which offers just a CD player, this unit features a DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which users may burn audio CDs, backup data, watch their favorite movies, and burn homegrown videos to DVD. Other data handling tools include a massive 120 GB hard disk and a separate CD drive for playing compact discs and installing applications. To upload and download information from external devices such as digital camcorders and cameras, the system also features six fast USB 2.0 ports (two on the front), two FireWire interfaces (one front, one rear), and a 6-in-1 media card reader. Connectivity options include a 56K modem for low-speed surfing and a 10/100Base-T networking interface for high-speed e-communications. HP has added a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse and convenient HP Multimedia keyboard but has not enclosed a display or speakers. The impressive bundled software package features such useful applications as WordPerfect Productivity Pack 2002, WordPerfect 10 and Quattro Pro 10, Intuit Quicken New Users Edition, InterVideo's WinDVD DVD player, and several photo and music uti

IBM 91P7301 FRU-Mini PCI Communication Card  - IBM 11a/b/g Wireless LAN Mini PCI Adapter OPT-31P9701

One of Sonys fastest notebooks ever, the Vaio PCG-GRX670 incorporates most everything you could want in a state-of-the-art desktop computer, but in a portable package. Distinguished from the top-of-the-line model of the GRX series--the GRX690--only by virtue of its smaller hard drive (40 GB rather than 60), the GRX670 is otherwise a powerful machine ready to take care of virtually all your business and entertainment needs. At 8 pounds and 14 by 11.5 by 1.8 inches, the GRX670 is slightly larger than some Sony portables. There is, however, good reason for that extra size. Sony has equipped the unit with an enormous 16.1-inch, high-resolution 1,600 x 1,200 UXGA TFT display (the same viewing area as most 17-inch PC monitors). It has included a combination DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can watch the latest motion pictures, burn home movies onto digital media, record and play music compilations, listen to retail CDs, and back up and archive your important files and data. Sporting a 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache, a 400 MHz bus, and 512 MB of DDR SDRAM, the GRX670 is built for speed. Sony has complemented the systems powerful engine with a 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500 video accelerator to make quick work of all but the most graphics-intensive 3-D applications and games. Sony has packed the system with high-end amenities, including a Memory Stick media slot for Memory Stick or MagicGate media, an i.Link IEEE 1394 interface for fast data uploads from devices such as digital camcorders, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a TV-out, parallel port, and headphone jack. To ensure you keep in touch wherever you go, the GRX670 features an internal V.90 modem and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition and an enormous array of business and multimedia utilities.

The Kensington 33335 70-Watt AC/DC Power Adapter for Apple Notebook uses patented technology to deliver all the power you need in a size that is 40-percent smaller and lighter than other power supplies, for easy portability. With its AC and DC power options, you always have the right adapter, whether you are in the office, on the road, or on a plane. This Kensington 33335 provides plenty of power for your Apple Powerbook, iBook, or even your iPod, and features a flexible SmartTip design that lets you power dozens of devices with a single adapter by simply swapping tips (sold separately). The ideal replacement for, or upgrade to, your existing power supply, this power adapter gives you portable power, includes an iPod SmartTip, and is backed by Kensington's one-year warranty.	Powers and charges virtually all notebook computers from any AC or DC sourceFlexible SmartTip  design  for powering dozens of devices with a single adapterIncludes multiple tips for various notebooks

Although Compaq generally markets its Presario lineup of notebook  computers to the home and home business user, some models will handle far more  demanding tasks and applications just as easily. Powered by a potent 1.13 GHz  Intel Pentium III CPU and an enormous 512 MB (expandable to 1 GB) of RAM, the  Presario 2715US notebook is one such machine. Weighing in at a substantial 7.9 pounds and sporting an 11.02-by-13-by-1.65-inch  profile, the Presario 2715US is markedly larger than several of its competitors.  Compaq does, however, put that extra size to good use. The unit is literally  loaded with drives, including a large 30 GB hard drive to handle permanent  storage needs, an 8x DVD-ROM drive to play movies, and even a 3.5-inch floppy  disk drive for older or smaller programs. The 2715US also takes advantage of  Compaq's new FutureBay II technology, which allows users to install and swap  additional optical devices such as CD-RW and DVD drives or CD-RW/DVD combos into  a spare bay. In the case of the 2715US, that bay is already loaded with an 8x  (write) CD-RW drive for reading and burning data and audio CDs. There's one other reason for the 2715US being as big as it is. At a full 15  inches, its TFT active-matrix XGA viewing screen is nearly a full inch larger  than the norm. That's good news for anyone who wants to get a better look at  their programs, but in particular for multimedia enthusiasts. Certainly anyone  into movies or music will also enjoy the benefits of the unit's capable ATI  Mobility Radeon M6 graphics card and Dolby-certified JBL Pro Audio bass reflex  speaker system. The 2715US sports enough ports to accommodate virtually any form of expansion  and exterior connection. The unit features two USB ports for plug-and-play  peripherals such as joysticks, an S-video TV-out port for television output, a  PS2-style port for an external mouse or keyboard, a single parallel port for  devices such as printers, a VGA port for external monitors, an internal 56K  modem and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection, a speaker-out and  microphone-in port, a multipurpose PC Card slot, and a QuickDock connector for  ultrafast hookups of additional accessories. The 2715US keyboard section offers 88 full-size keys, an array of one-touch  e-mail, Internet, and multimedia controls, a four-way Internet scrolling tool,  and a touch pad. Power is supplied by a high-capacity, lithium-ion battery and  regulated by Intel's SpeedStep technology, which lowers processor speed to  reduce battery drain whenever the unit is not plugged into an AC outlet. To help get you started, Compaq has installed the Home Edition of the Windows XP  operating system and an assortment of useful software applications, such as  Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001,  Norton AntiVirus, Roxio Easy CD Creator 5.01, InterVideo WinDVD 3.0, and a  one-year subscription to Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe Encyclopedia.

This USB handheld mini mouse need no surface to work! Its comfortable ergonomic shape features 3-buttons and a trackball for easy scrolling. Order today!

HP DesignJet 500 / 800PS PLOTTER PARTS Fits many models - see below  SPARES - REPAIRS - UPGRADES No Exchange Needed - Outright Purchase   "E" SIZE CARRIAGE BELT - P/N C7770-60014 Appears all but new!  GUARANTEED FUNCTIONAL!  About This Item Acquired from the US Government. Actual item from lot is shown. Only what is shown is included. Used part, but inspected thoroughly and guaranteed fully functional to your machine. Pulled from a working machine damaged elsewhere.  Know What You are Buying      We typically take the time to post actual pictures of the unit you are buying     We also typically take the time to thoroughly test the units we are selling     Buy with CONFIDENCE from a reputable seller with 10 Years experience   Description HP C7770-60014 Belt  BELT - Carriage Belt - 42 inch Plotter - E Size - Genuine HP Plotter Part  For Use In

Use with RJ11 Cable (180-0480 or 180-0490) to create your own custom lengths.

A multi-function TFT LCD display from Samsung, the SyncMaster 1701MP is a sleek and stylish monitor with a rich, detailed image and plenty of features. A maximum resolution of 1,280 x 1,024 and 0.264 mm dot pitch combine with a 700

LANSCAPER NTWK TESTER NTWK MGMT DEVICE

Apple has changed the world of computers again. The latest version of  the iMac is designed around a stunning 15-inch LCD flat screen that's brighter,  sharper, and easier on the eyes than old-fashioned CRT displays. And instead of  requiring your neck, shoulders, and back to do the adjusting, the new iMac's  display literally glides through the air--allowing you to effortlessly adjust  its height or angle with a touch of your finger. Inside its ultracompact  10.6-inch base lives the fastest iMac ever, with a 700 MHz PowerPC G4 processor  that blazes through Mac OS X applications. Throw in Apple's revolutionary  SuperDrive that lets you burn your own DVDs in addition to custom CDs and you'll  see why the new iMac is several leaps ahead of any other computer out there.  How did Apple pack so much into such a small space? Credit a design approach  that optimized every bit of space and resulted in no wasted corners. Starting  with a custom-designed circular logic board that fills the entire diameter of  the base, Apple created space to fit in a full-height optical drive such as the  SuperDrive. On top of the optical drive are a high-capacity, 3.5-inch hard disk  drive and even the power supply--a split design that tucks neatly into the top  of the base. The iMac comes with Mac OS X installed to run virtually all existing Mac  applications beautifully, but it really shines when running the thousands of new  titles designed specifically for it, like Microsoft's new Office v.X--the best  Office yet. Mac OS X is the ultimate platform for the digital lifestyle,  delivering best-of-class connectivity and built-in applications that give you  what you need to get the most out of your digital tools and toys. Every iMac has two superfast 400 Mbps FireWire ports built in, so you can easily  connect to high-speed devices like the iPod, digital camcorders, and external  disk drives. Five 12 Mbps USB ports let you connect your iMac to hundreds of  digital cameras, printers, scanners, external hard disks, and joysticks. And  with the SuperDrive (DVD-R/CD-RW), you can burn your own movies and photos that  play in almost any standard DVD player. The iMac is also the quickest way to get on the Internet. It's so easy to set up  and use, you'll be online and surfing the Web in 10 minutes or less using the  built-in 56K modem, 10/100Base-T Ethernet port for broadband, or with an  optional AirPort Card to surf wirelessly. The Internet Setup Assistant appears  the first time your iMac is powered on and automatically configures your system  for your ISP. All you need is phone service--the iMac comes complete with  everything else.

Linksys - BEFW11S4 Cable/DSL Wireless Router - 1 x WAN, 4 x LAN, 1 x Uplink

Connect your notebook or desktop computer to a wireless network with this Enhanced-G adapter that features blazing transfer speeds up to 125 Mbps.		 * Up to 125 Mbps data transfer rates	 * 2.4GHz wireless frequency (802.11b- and 802.11g-compliant)	 * Up to 10x faster than many existing 802.11b routers

The Orinoco Classic Gold PC card can be used anywhere to connect to a Wi-Fi network. The Classic PC Card can also be used as a radio in the Orinoco AP-2000, AP-2500 and Outdoor Router products. The card delivers high-speed wireless networking at 11 Mbps, operating in the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency. With superior radio receiver sensitivity and resilience to microwave interference, Orinoco has proven to be the best 802.11b radio in the industry - delivering unbeatable range and throughput performance. The Orinoco Classic Gold PC Card is equipped with a choice of security levels to protect your data. The Gold PC Card offers enhanced security, with WEP Plus, 802.1x, and 128-bit WEP employing RC4 encryption. The Orinoco Classic Gold PC Card is part of the complete Orinoco product family of infrastructure and client products - all you need to get connected in the office, hotspots, or at home.	Proxim - Orinoco Gold PCMCIA Wireless WiFi 802.11b Card 024205/B

If youM-^Rre looking for a computer with a little muscle to boost your home office then look no further than this Hewlett Packard 7960 Desktop Computer. This desktop packs quite a punch with a Pentium 4 processor 1.3GHz, 40GB UltraDMA hard drive and 128MB RDRAM. And thatM-^Rs not all. It also features a DVD/CD-RW drive so you can enjoy both movies and your own CD mixes. ItM-^Rs the perfect combination to help knock out your work out in no time. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY.

The NEC MultiSync FE950 monitor features NEC's totally flat aperture grille technology for an image with less glare, distortion, and reflection than similar models in this class. The FE950 is ideal for mainstream business and demanding home users.With 18 inches of viewable screen real estate and a modified bulb design from previous NEC lines, the FE950 produces more than 300 percent brighter images than many comparable CRTs. The unit features a 0.25- to 0.27-millimeter variable grille pitch for a crisp picture. The recommended resolution for this model is 1,280 x 1,024 at 85 Hz--perfect for most applications. The next highest resolution--1,600 x 1,200--is supported at 76 Hz, making for a high resolution without any decipherable flicker. The supported modes go as high as 1,792 x 1,344 at 68 Hz.All of the controls are on the front, providing easy push-button access to the monitor's onscreen menus (OSM). Through the OSM, you can control brightness, contrast, size, position, screen geometry, and even use the GlobalSync control to adjust for picture irregularities that are caused by the earth's magnetic field.NEC offers optional IntelliBase base replacements for their FE series monitors. With this add-on, you can add USB connectivity, built-in sound, or both, to the FE950. The company backs the FE950 with a solid three-year limited parts and labor warranty. --Stephen W. Plain

Erase and write on your Tablet PC with the ease of standard paper and pencil by using the Additional Digitizer Pen from Motion Computing. It's Eraser functionality allows editing of ink data in a breeze! A large diameter and addition of rubber grips makes this pen ergonomically more sound. Additionally its recessed button minimizes the risk of accidentally right clicking while using the pen. Don't find yourself without your pen; keep this Additional Digitizer Pen as a backup or in multiple locations such as your office and home. The Pen is meant for use with Motion LE-Series Tablet PCs.Primary InformationInput Device Type

Insta-link technology connects the wireless keyboard and optical mouse without syncingProgrammable internet office and hot keys provide customized productivity and maximum performanceDesigned for Windows  98SE/ME/2000/XPIncludes USB to PS/2 adapter installation CD and 4 AA batteries

Wireless! This SDW11G SDIO 802.11b/g wireless LAN card is a compact sized wireless card for PDA and mobile computing devices. This SDW11G supports infrastructure and Ad Hoc Peer-to-Peer connectivity with an indoor range up to 328 feet and outdoor range up to 984 feet! Hook it up! Order today!

Enjoying lifes luxuries is a pleasure in itself. Enjoying them at a discount is even better. If youre shopping for a portable computer that effortlessly runs power-hungry productivity applications, hit DVD movie titles, and your favorite 3-D games--but you refuse to pay top-dollar--the Hewlett-Packard Pavilion ze4145 notebook PC belongs on your short list. The ze4145s AMD Athlon XP 1800+ processor plows smoothly through any productivity application or entertainment title. At roughly 7 pounds and barely more than 1.5 inches thick, the ze4145 travels easily, and its 15-inch, active-matrix TFT display coupled with an ATI Mobility Radeon 4X AGP (including 3-D architecture for cutting-edge gaming) look good and, most importantly, make your software and movies look great. The ze4145s DVD/CD-RW combination drive (24x/8x/8x, 8x DVD) lets you watch movies on DVD, listen to and make CDs, and rapidly back up data. The ze4145 offers generous helpings of memory and storage. Its 40 GB hard drive sucks up large application and data files, and its 512 MB of DDR SDRAM--expandable to a maximum of 1,024 MB--lets you easily juggle several applications simultaneously. An integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN (RJ-45) connector makes networking easy. External ports include two USB inputs, a 25-pin parallel port, a serial connector, a PS/2 keyboard-mouse connector, and 15-pin VGA and S-video TV-out plugs. The notebook also includes a 56K integrated modem with an RJ-11 connector. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, InterVideo WinDVD, the HP RecordNow CD-RW recording utility, ArcSoft Funhouse and PhotoImpression editing tools, Corel WordPerfect and Quattro Pro productivity applications, Quicken Financial Center by Intuit, Encyclopedia Britannica Ready Reference, Wild Tangent 3-D games, Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 with a three-month live update.

Being the priciest and most capable model in Averatec's upscale 5110 roster of mobile computers, the Averatec 5110P Notebook PC delivers all the perks of the other two 5110 models plus upscale amenities such as DVD burning and Microsoft's beefy Windows XP Professional Edition operating system. Lightweight and versatile, the Averatec 5110P is a smart alternative or those who value portability, strong general performance and modern accoutrements over devastating speed. Like all 5110 series machines, the Averatec 5110P measures just 12.9 by 10.75 by 1 inches and tips the scales at a mere 6.3 pounds with standard battery attached. It is thusly an excellent choice for those who must carry their notebook with them on their daily journeys.  The unit brandishes Intel's new Centrino technology. Centrino refers to a triumvirate of interconnected elements -- an Intel Pentium-M CPU (in this case a midlevel 1.3 GHz model), an Intel 855 chipset, and an Intel PRO/Wireless 2100 network connection -- all of which work together to make your notebook fast, lightweight, battery-efficient and wireless-capable. Averatec has added a generous alloent of 512 MB DDR SDRAM main memory to help with your multitasking and an Intel 855GM graphics controller with 64 MB of shared (not dedicated) memory. Though dedicated video memory would be preferred for applications such as 3-D animation and 3-D games, 64 MB shared memory is adequate for most standard 3-D apps. The Averatec 5110P features a midsize 40 GB hard disk on which to store your important data and a DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can play and burn audio CDs, archive data, play DVD movies and transfer video to long-lasting DVD media. You'll monitor your activities on a large 15-inch XGA TFT display capable of respectable 1024 by 768 resolution, and listen to your tunes via built-in stereo speakers. For such a small and affordable notebook, the Averatec 5110P is well connected. Communication options include integrated 10/100 Mbit LAN for fast networking and Internet access, a 56K modem for slower dial-up environments and 802.11b wireless for those times when you can't plug in. Other important amenities include three fast USB 2.0 ports for data streaming with external devices such as scanners and digital cameras, an IEEE 1394 FireWire port for high-speed downloads from digital camcorders, a Type II PC Card CardBus slot, and an 88-key full-sized keyboard with 12 one-touch function keys. Aside from Windows XP Professional Edition, the mediocre software bundle includes Microsoft's Works 7.0 productivity package and the PowerDVD XP DVD player. Time between charges is estimated at an admirable five-plus hours with the enclosed 8-cell Smart Li-ion battery.	MODEL- 5110P VENDOR- AVERATEC FEATURES- 5110P Notebook Computer Built on Intel Centrino Technology this powerful notebook provides increased productivity and greater power management boosting battery life to 5+ hours. At only 1 inch thin this ultra slim notebook features a dazzling 15 inch display and an integrated DVD+CD-RW. Equipped with USB 2.0 and IEEE 1394 for high speed digital data transfer you can connect your digital camera storage device or scanner and download your data in the blink of an eye. Connect to the Internet at your favorite "hotspot" with the integrated wireless LAN. With the help of integrated wireless you can remain productive even when you are on the go. Burning CDs has never been easier with Roxio Easy CD & DVD Creator. With a built in combo drive and a 40GB hard drive this super slim notebook is all that a 15 inch can offer without the burden of carrying a big and bulky machine. Includes Microsoft Windows XP Professional. -- SPECIFICATIONs -------------------------PROCESSOR- Intel Pentium-M (Centrino) Processor 1.3GHz Quad-pumped 400MHz System Bus 64KB of L1 Advanced Transfer Cache 1MB of L2 Advanced Transfer CacheCHIPSET - IntelMEMORY - 512MB PC2100 DDR SDRAM expandable to 1GB Two 200-pin SO-DIMM socketsVIDEO - 15.0" XGA (1024 x 768) LCD Display Intel 855GB with Dyanmic Video Memory Technologyh Supports up to 16 million colorsDRIVES - 40.0 GB Hard Disk Drive (UDMA Mode 5) with ATA133 (UDMA Mode 5) EIDE controller. Built-in Combo DVD+CD-RW Drive (UDMA Mode 2) 8x DVD read 16x CD-R write 10x CD-RW write 24x CD read.AUDIO - Realtek ALC202 Sound Codec Built-in Stereo speakers and Rotary dial volume control. Headphone and microphone ports.MODEM - Integrated SmartLink 56Kbps Data+Fax (14Kb

CA Internet Security Suite 2007 3-User w/$6,500 Identity Theft and Virus Protection

Watch your favorite UMD movies or play your favorite UMD games without disturbing others! Designed for PSP 1000 systems, The Stereo Headphone for PSP 1000 is designed to work with your PSP 1000 console, and it also works with MP3 players, tape players and etc. The PSP Headphone also includes an optional remote control for the PSP 1000.

Early Adopters Pick

Wirelessly brings your digital music collection to the living room! The Linksys WMB54G Wireless-G Music Bridge lets you bring the digital music streaming to or stored on your computer to your Home Entertainment Center, without running cables through the house! Using a wireless connection, theMusic Bridge finally frees your digital music collection from those little computer speakers to play in full glory through your stereo or surround sound system!The Linksys WMB54G Wireless-G Music Bridge supports 128-bit WEP encryption to ensure a secure connection and is compatible with wireless 802.11b and 802.11g standards. Connect theMusic Bridgeto your stereo system via the included AV cable, your home network by Wireless-G wireless networking, or it can be connected via standard 10/100 Ethernet cabling! Plus, the included software creates a virtual sound system in your PC, which sends the audio output of any application to the Music Bridge and the stereo system!Order the Linksys WMB54G Wireless-G Music Bridge today!

NetGear Wireless 802.11b 11Mbps Router V3 MR814 MR814-V3. Product may differ from image shown.

TRAVEL BAG FOR INTUOS3 6X8

Access your company's network and databases, send and receive email with attachments and surf the Web with ease via the Sprint PCS Connection Card Merlin S720 by Novatel Wireless. The Sprint Power Vision Network transforms the wireless experience from something that is simply functional into something visual, entertaining, and highly personalized. Receive broadband-like average data transmission speeds when downloading and uploading data to your PC. Employs CDMA wireless technology authentication and identification system for top-notch security. The Mobile Identification Number (MIN) and Electronic Serial Number (ESN), together with CDMA spread spectrum technology, make it virtually impossible for unauthorized users to capture and decipher messages and other sensitive information. Advanced flip-up antenna that offers advanced dual band diversity design enhances performance by maximizing data throughput. Operating voltage of 3.3V for optimal laptop performance and reduced battery drain. Single Sprint Connection Manager that supports all Novatel Wireless S620 and S720 product lines with one client to access Sprint Power Vision and backwards compatible with all versions of the Sprint Vision and Power Vision networks. Network Adapter support allows for Always On, Auto-Connect, faster connection time and Intelligent Data Traffic Routing. Allows IT Manager to host and control updates to the Sprint Connection Manger client, no need to cycle hardware through IT for updates. Control PRL, Firmware and Software.  Dimensions -  2.0 x 4.8 x 0.08 inch   Weight -  2.0 ounces

The Sony Vaio PCG-FXA32 is a basic laptop for general-purpose use. Its price is lower than average for notebooks as a whole. Additionally, the system weighs 7.1 pounds and has a 900 MHz AMD Duron processor, 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), a 15 GB hard disk, a DVD-ROM drive, 56K modem, and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network card. Its screen is a 15-inch, active-matrix display with 1,024 x 768 resolution. Windows XP Home Edition comes installed.	The notebook computer that thinks like a desktop. With a 900MHz AMD DuronM-^Y processor, 128MB RAM, 15GB hard drive, new Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating software and all in one design that houses the floppy drive, DVD drive, hard drive and 15M-^RM-^R XGA TFT display, this Sony PCGFXA32 provides the power and resources to get your work done in a compact, portable design. And with an Ethernet port, built-in modem, and i.LINK interface you can still have the connectivity of your PC at home.

The Compaq WL110 Wireless PC Card adds mobility, security and flexibility to an enterprise - increasing productivity by enabling users to have network and Internet access anywhere within a building without the limitation of wires. The WL110 PC Card connects mobile computing devices to all network resources wirelessly either in an ad hoc peer-to-peer mode or in infrastructure mode with APs. With this product, you can instantly add new employees to the network, support temporary workgroups, or enable Internet access in conference rooms or other meeting spaces.

With the Mitsubishi Diamond Scan 70, both small-business owners and home office users can treasure this 17-inch (16 inches viewable) display both for its simple operation and its advanced features. Power and functionality are key to the Diamond Scan 70's superiority over similar monitors. Screen images reach their true potential with the monitor's invar alloy shadow mask, 0.28-millimeter dot pitch, and 1,280 x 1,024 maximum resolution with a 65 Hz refresh rate (100 Hz at lower resolution). Images remain brilliant and clear with the monitor's high-contrast, antiglare, antistatic coating.Utilizing microprocessor-based onscreen controls, the Diamond Scan 70 lets you set contrast, geometry, brightness, color, and color temperature. It is straightforward to use and compatible with both PC and Macintosh systems. An optional Macintosh adapter is available for free from Mitsubishi.The Diamond Scan 70 is backed by a three-year limited warranty on parts and labor.

L226WTX-BF  22" Wide Black LCD display.  1680x1050 (widescreen)  5ms; Windows Vista Certified; f-Engine; Intelligent auto resolution;  ez Zooming.

Affordable but lacking overwhelming power, the HP Pavilion a220n Desktop PC is built for folks who don't want or don't need to drop a lot of dough on state-of-the-art equipment. The unit won't appease those who constantly strain their computer with processor-intensive applications, but is equipped with a spacious hard disk and DVD playing capabilities, and is therefore a solid choice for the budget-conscious user. At the heart of the Pavilion a220n lies a 2.08 GHz AMD Athlon XP 2600+ processor running at 2.08 GHz. HP has matched this efficient yet cost effective CPU with 512 MB of DDR SDRAM, an nVidia GeForce4 MX video card with 64 MB dedicated memory, and a massive 120 GB hard disk. In its stock configuration, the unit will breeze through most 2-D tasks and even some 3-D applications, but will have trouble with high-end 3-D games and isn't fast enough for demanding business environments. Data handling tools include a massive 120 GB hard disk, a CD-RW drive through which you can play and burn audio CDs and archive information, and a DVD-ROM drive for watching movies. The Pavilion a220n features enough connectivity options to suit anyone, including two IEEE 1394 FireWire ports (the accepted standard for data movement to and from external devices such as digital camcorders), a half dozen USB 2.0 ports for speedy interaction with plug and play peripherals, a 56K modem for low-speed surfing and a 10/100Base-T networking interface for high-speed e-communications. HP has added a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse and convenient HP Multimedia keyboard but did not include a display or speakers. The impressive bundled software package features such useful applications as WordPerfect Productivity Pack 2002, WordPerfect 10 and Quattro Pro 10, Intuit Quicken New Users Edition, InterVideo's WinDVD DVD player, and several photo and music utilities.

Ideal for users who are staring at a screen for hours at a time, this19-inch (18 inches viewable) monitor goes easy on the eyes with itsantistatic and antireflective CRT coating, reducing external reflection andglare. Its 1,600 x 1,200 maximum resolution, a maximum refresh rate of 75 Hz,and a 0.25-to-0.27-millimeter aperture grille pitch all combine to ensure high-quality images ideal for desktop publishing, graphics, gaming, browsing theInternet, and more. The Diamond Plus 91 also boasts video enhancement circuitry (fine picturemode), which maximizes contrast and color saturation based on the images onscreen. Plug and play makes setup a snap, and the enhanced onscreendisplay with multilingual capability, icon-based control panel, andfront-panel buttons makes image adjustments intuitive and easy. Compatiblewith IBM, Windows 95/98, Unix, Macintosh, Power Macintosh, and third-party graphics standards, the Diamond Plus 91 is Energy Star compliant andcomes backed with a three-year limited warranty on parts and labor.

D5410 DELL

Arthramine for Small/Medium Dogs 60 Chewable TabletsArthramine Advanced is a unique formulation of nutritional factors important for joint health and support.GLUCOSAMINEHelps cushion joints from every day stress Aids new cartilage and joint tissue development Replenishes body's own supplyVITAMIN CPlays a primary role in the formation of collagen and connective tissue Essential nutrient BROMELAINAids in the production of the body's own anti-inflammatory agents Derived from pineapple plants OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDSImproves joint mobility and activity in older animals MANGANESEHelps create and maintain adequate levels of nutrients required to naturally build and repair connective tissueA necessary catalyst in the formation of key elements in joint integrity such as chondrotin and other connective tissue components

Ample proof that good things come in (very) small packages, Sonys new PCG-V505AXP notebook is one of the first mobile computers to offer Pentium 4 processing in an ultralightweight format. And thats just one of several surprises youll find in this tiny and innovative powerhouse. Measuring a mere 1.38 by 10.9 by 9.54 inches and tipping the scales at just 4.34 pounds, the Vaio PCG-V505AXP is easy to take with you no matter where youre going. Yet you wont be forced to sacrifice power for this level of portability. Driving the unit is a snappy 1.8 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor, a surprising 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a 16 MB ATI Mobility Radeon graphics chipset. In plain English, the Vaio PCG-V505AXP will efficiently handle every application a full-size desktop PC can operate, with the exception of the latest crop of 3-D games and animation packages. Distinguished from its close cousin, the Vaio PCG-V505AX, by virtue of its slightly smaller hard disk (30 vs. 40 GB) the PCG-V505AXP is nevertheless ready for most common data storage and transfer needs. Although it cant record DVDs, it will allow you to watch movies, burn and play music compilations, listen to retail CDs, and back up important files and data on its combination DVD/CD-RW drive. Sony has preinstalled an impressive variety of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Money 2003 Standard, and a broad array of audio, video, and photo utilities.

Every Mac comes with 90 days of telephone support and one year of service coverage at an Apple-authorized repair center. The AppleCare Protection Plan for portable Apple MacBook Air and MacBook models 13 inches and below (MA519LL/A) extends the complimentary coverage to three years of world-class support. The plan includes expert telephone assistance, global repair coverage, web-based resources, and TechTool Deluxe from Micromat--all for one economical price. This comprehensive AppleCare Protection Plan covers your MacBook Air/MacBook, as well as an AirPort Extreme Card, an AirPort Express or AirPort Extreme Base Station, and Apple RAM purchased for it. You can also register one Apple display for coverage, provided the Mac and display are purchased together.     Extend your coverage to three years of service and expert telephone technical support.     One Number to Call for Help Get direct telephone access to Apple's own technical support group, the people who know your system best. Because Apple creates the computer, the operating system, and many built-in applications, the Mac is a truly integrated system. Just one phone call can help resolve most issues with your Mac because AppleCare representatives can help troubleshoot Apple hardware, the Mac operating system, and many Apple consumer applications, including iLife, iWork, Jam Packs, iChat AV, Mail, Safari, iCal, iSync, AppleWorks, and QuickTime. Convenient Repair Options The AppleCare Protection Plan ensures that Apple-certified technicians will perform repairs using genuine Apple parts. With this plan, parts and labor will be covered for three years from the date of purchase of your Apple computer, two years beyond the one-year limited warranty. This plan includes global repair coverage, which can be very important if you travel abroad. Coverage Information The AppleCare Protection Plan is subject to terms and conditions, which are provided on the AppleCare Protection Plan website.  To qualify for the AppleCare Protection Plan, your product must be within its one-year Apple hardware warranty.  A separate AppleCare Protection Plan must be purchased for each Apple system to be covered.  Mac mini, Mac Pro, and MacBook Pro/MacBook Air/MacBook customers may also enroll one Apple display for coverage, provided that the Mac and the display are purchased together.  Global repair coverage is included.  This AppleCare Protection Plan covers an AirPort Extreme Card, an AirPort Express or AirPort Extreme Base Station, and Apple RAM are included in the coverage of the computer with which they are used.   Frequently Asked Questions Can I purchase the AppleCare Protection Plan anytime? You can purchase the AppleCare Protection Plan anytime within the one-year limited warranty period. Your eligibility for coverage under the AppleCare Protection Plan starts from your hardware purchase date. Apple strongly recommends that you purchase the AppleCare Protection Plan when you purchase your Apple product to maximize the additional benefits provided under the plan. What service options does the AppleCare Protection Plan offer? Apple may provide service through one or more of the following options

This 2Wire HomePortal 1000HG is a wireless base station for the home or small office network that comes with a built-in DSL modem, built-in professional-grade firewall, and is Wi-Fi compatible with 802.11g and 802.11b networking. The HomePortal 1000HG comes with both USB and Ethernet networking ports, providing flexibility and compatibility!

The Sony Vaio PCV-RZ40C1B is a gamer's delight. It's got ATI Radeon 9800 Pro graphics for amazingly sharp 3D visuals and Sound Blaster Audigy audio to make your computing experience come alive. The DVD+/-RW/CD-RW drive and a secondary CD-RW drive handle even the toughest workloads to record music, movies, and other files. Other features include a 3.0 GHz hyper-threaded Pentium 4 processor, 1 GB of installed RAM, an extra-large 160 GB hard drive, and a wide assortment of Sony multimedia software.  The Basics  Hard Drive

Lightweight and more powerful than many current desktops, the Sony Vaio PCG-RGZ630 notebook is a portable workhorse that will effectively handle all your mobile computing tasks without incapacitating your bank account. Driven by a robust 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor and an impressive 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to a whopping 1,024 MB), the PCG-GRZ630 is ready for even the most demanding applications. The units 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500C graphics chipset may have trouble smoothly rendering complex 3-D games and animations but will easily handle everything else. The most noteworthy difference between this and the pricier top-of-the-line machine in Sonys GRZ series, the GRZ660, is DVD writing capabilities. You cant burn DVDs with this unit, but you can use the removable DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive to watch movies, record and play audio CDs, and back up data. An integrated 40 GB hard disk is ready for your programs and frequently accessed files. Measuring 1.8 by 12.9 by 10.7 inches, the unit is of average size. It is, however, rather lightweight at 6.9 pounds with one battery or 7.5 pounds with battery and optical drive. Sony has installed a large 15-inch XGA TFT viewing screen (1,024 x 768 resolution) and integrated stereo speakers to enhance your multimedia experience, and an 86-key QWERTY keyboard with electrostatic touchpad to help you better control your applications. Other useful amenities include a Memory Stick media slot, three USB ports, a super-fast IEEE 1394 port for data transfers from peripherals such as digital camcorders, a 56K modem for low-speed Internet and e-mail access, and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface for high-speed connectivity. The PCG-GRZ630 is preloaded with a wide variety of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Money 2003, and an impressive array of audio, video, and photo utilities.

For multimedia users on the go, Toshiba offers the Satellite 5105-S501 notebook. Designed for cutting edge audio-video performance and speedy computing in any situation, the 5105-S501 isn't quite as well equipped (or as expensive) as its bigger brother, the top-of-the-line 5105-S607, but nevertheless will comfortably accommodate anyone who regularly pushes the capabilities of their portable computer. The 5105-S501 packs a lot of goodies into its 13-by-11.6-by-1.8-inch, 7-pound frame. At the heart of the system lies a 1.7 GHz Intel Pentium 4 CPU with 512 KB of Level 2 cache. Toshiba has paired this potent processor with a massive 512 MB of PC2100 DDR SDRAM and a large 5,400 RPM, 40 GB hard drive to ensure speeds remain fast even during the most stressful moments. One of the most critical bottlenecks in many portable computers occurs when data moves from the processor to the viewing screen, but that simply isn't an issue with the 5105-S501. Toshiba has equipped the unit with an nVidia GeForce4 440 Go graphics controller with 32 MB of 220 MHz DDR VRAM. This powerful video chip will not only handle all your business applications efficiently, but most games and high-end 3-D rendering programs as well. If you'd like to watch a movie or listen to a few tunes, the 5105-S501 has you covered there too. Using its multifunction DVD/CD-RW drive, you can play a movie or a CD, burn your own audio disc, or archive your data. No matter what you do, the system's generous Toshiba Personal Theatre 15-inch SVGA+ active-matrix display will capably display your images at resolutions up to 1,400 x 1,050. Its Yamaha audio processor generates high-quality 2-D and 3-D signals, and its Harman Kardon stereo subwoofer system delivers surprisingly rich sound. The unit's keyboard section is second to none, featuring 85 full-size keys, 12 one-touch Internet and multimedia buttons, and a monochrome LCD cPad touch pad that graphically displays important functions and incorporates several convenient secondary applications. The system features a wide variety of connections, including three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, an IEEE 1394 FireWire port for high-speed data transfer from external video devices such as DV camcorders, an infrared and NTSC/PAL port, two multipurpose PC card slots, a SmartMedia slot, and an S/PDIF optical jack. 10/100 Ethernet network support and a built-in 56K modem help keep you in touch with Internet and e-mail services in any situation. Toshiba has fitted the 5105-S501 with a surplus of popular software, including Lotus SmartSuite Millennium Edition, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating system, and several multimedia and communication tools and utilities.	With all the power that is packed in this Toshiba 5105S607, youM-^Rll find yourself forgetting that this is a notebook computer. Not only does it come equipped with a combo CD-RW/DVD drive and 10/100 Ethernet port, it also features a 40GB hard drive, 512MB memory and ultra-fast 1.7GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor. A 15M-^T UXGA display helps you keep an eye on your work. With features like these you can rely on this laptop to complete your work just as fast (or faster)as the desktop in your office.

In any home theater, the center channel speaker's performance is crucial to a feeling of realism. With its 1-inch Kortec tweeter and dual active/passive 4-1/2 inch mid/bass drivers, the CRC center channel delivers on-screen dialog and is voiced to match all CR speakers.

The ViewSonic airpanel V110 is a 10-inch wireless, touch-screen LCD monitor that lets you use your computer from anywhere in your home. Thanks to Microsoft's Smart Display technology, you can remotely access all the data on your Windows XP-based home PC--surf the Web from the couch, check e-mail while lying in bed, download recipes in the kitchen, share digital pictures on the patio--regardless of where your PC is located. And it's truly portable, weighing only three pounds. The V110 includes a powerful 400 MHz Intel XScale processor for added speed, power savings, and efficiency. The Microsoft(r) Windows(r) CE for Smart Displays operating system works much like your PC, so you'll automatically feel familiar with applications. Convenient directional pad and hot buttons make navigation fast and simple. Memory is a whopping 64 MB ROM and 128 MB SDRAM. The long-life lithium-ion battery lasts up to five hours. Colors are vivid and text is crisp with the bright full-color transflective display. The 800 x 600 resolution keeps your image details clear. The V110 supports an optional docking station to keep your Smart Display fully charged and within easy reach; it also permits convenient connection of an external keyboard or mouse for added input functionality. The V110 is an ideal supplement to your current PC and monitor setup, but if you want to use an airpanel as the primary PC monitor, check out ViewSonic's model V150 with optional dock.  Included in the box are integrated wireless support and an 802.11b airsync USB wireless adapter for your home PC. Although the V110 requires your primary PC to use Windows XP Professional, it comes with a free upgrade for current users of Windows XP Home Edition.

The USB 2.0 to Fast Ethernet Adapter is a high performance and highly integrated USB2.0 bus Ethernet Controller with embedded 7K*16 bit SRAM. The Adapter supports both 10 Mbps and 100 Mbps Ethernet function based on IEEE802.3/IEEE802.3u LAN standard.

Panasonic Computer Solutions (CF-W4GWCZZBM) Pentium M 753 12.1" 40GB Combo

This SmartMedia digital "film" from Lexar boosts your digital camera's capabilities with a full 64MB of memory. It allows you to record your high-resolution digital images in a safe, convenient, durable, easy-to-use format, and is fully compatible with any SmartMedia-enabled digital camera. It slips easily into a memory slot to help speed up your camera's processing time, and offer more options for picture resolution and quantity of shots. Paired with a SmartMedia Reader or Universal Reader (each sold separately), the card provides an efficient image-transfer solution that conserves your camera's battery life. Can also be used in many PDAs, video recorders and MP3 players. No. SM064-260. Imported.

In keeping with Apple's goal of providing a convenient technological hub to accommodate the modern Mac user's digital lifestyle, the newest PowerBook G4 with the DVD-ROM/CD-RW combo drive lets you edit movies, watch DVDs, and burn CDs anywhere. They've kept the sleek exterior as stunning as ever, but on the inside is a whole new architecture

The HP Pavilion a1710n comes loaded with the all tools you need to easily create, manage, share, and enjoy your digital photos, home videos, movies, and music. You can easily burn your home video productions to DVD for friends and family with the dual-layer, multi-format DVD/CD burner, which enables you to store up to 8.5 GB of data on a DL disc and provides a super-fast 16x DVD+R/-R write speed. It also includes LightScribe technology for personalized silkscreen-quality, laser-etched CD/DVD labels created right in the drive.   This desktop is powered by the 2.2 GHz AMD Athlon 64 X2 4200+ dual-core processor, which increases the efficiency and speed of the PC while running multiple programs and the latest multi-threaded software. Store more music, videos, and data on the very roomy 320 GB Serial ATA hard drive, which offers fast transfer rates. It also comes loaded with 1 GB of RAM (which can be bumped up to 4 GB), an integrated Nvidia GeForce 6150 video/graphics card with 128 MB of dedicated video RAM, a wide variety of connection ports on both the front and rear of the box, and a 9-in-1 memory card reader that's compatible with today's most popular digital camera formats.  It comes preinstalled with Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium, which includes all of the Windows Media Center capabilities for turning your PC into an all-in-one home entertainment center. In addition to easily playing your DVD movies and managing your digital audio library, you'll be able to record and watch your favorite TV shows (even HDTV). Vista also integrates new search tools throughout the operating system, includes new parental control features, and offers new tools that can warn you of impending hardware failures.   The Basics  Processor

HP P9009D#ABA HP P930 - Display - CRT - 19" Viewable (18") - 1920 x 1440 / 60 Hz - 0.24 mm - VGA (HD-15) - Silver

Model

If you crave the ultimate in computing portability, Sony's Vaio PCG-SRX99 notebook may very well be the answer. Tipping the scales at a featherweight 2.76 pounds, the SRX99 is no heavier than a typical purse. Just 1.1 by 10.2 by 7.7 inches, it's slim enough to fit inside one. But make no mistake

Belkin F5D7230V4 802.11g Wireless Cable/DSL Gateway Router - This device is a must if you have multiple computers and a hi-speed Cable or DSL Internet connection. With a built-in 4-Port Ethernet switch and support for 802.11g technology, you can share files, peripherals, or the Internet - with or without wires!  DMZ Hosting   Configures easily with any web browser or Easy Install Wizard   64- and 128-bit WEP data encryption   Stackable enclosure and vertical stand (included) helps reduce the desktop footprint   Includes -  power supply, manual, quick install guide, RJ45 networking cable, & software CD

A strong performer in both the business and entertainment arenas, this  HP Omnibook offers the speed and power to really get things done. Some of its  more impressive features include a 1.6 GHz Pentium III processor, 512 MB of RAM  (expandable to 1,024 MB), a 15-inch, active-matrix display with 1,400 x 1,050  resolution, and a combination CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive. A 30 GB hard disk, 56K modem,  and 10/100Mbps Ethernet NIC round out the system's basic feature set. The  installed operating system is Windows XP Home, Microsoft's new operating system  that combines the stability of Windows 2000 with better support for peripherals  and games, plus a new user interface.

Binocular Tripod Adapter

Designer Two-Tone Nylon Brief/Sleeve wCable Pouch for Apple 17" MacBook Pro - Ice White (-I)

Transcend StoreJet 2.5 is designed to exchanging huge amounts of data between a 2.5 inch hard disk drive and any desktop or notebook computer. Features astonishing storage capacity, strong data retention, ultra fast data transfer rates, high mobility and an impressive appearance!

If youre looking for a versatile high-end portable computer thats equally at home in a docking station or a standalone environment, the Hewlett-Packard ze5155 notebook PC is a terrific choice. The ze5155 has the raw processing power and extensive features to satisfy demanding users with diverse needs such as preparing graphics-intensive presentations, watching new DVD blockbusters, or playing the latest 3-D games. The ze5155s 1.8 GHz Pentium 4 processor purrs through virtually any productivity application or entertainment title. Its 128-bit ATI Mobility Radeon 2- and 3-D architecture and dedicated 32 MB of DDR SDRAM showcase software, movies, and 3-D games whether youre viewing them on the PCs 15-inch, active-matrix TFT display or an external monitor. A built-in DVD/CD-RW combination drive (24x/8x/8x, 8x DVD) lets you watch movies on DVD, listen to and make CDs, and rapidly back up data. The ze5155 provides generous servings of memory and storage. Its 40 GB hard drive snaps up large application and data files, and its 512 MB of DDR SDRAM--expandable to a maximum of 1,024 MB--lets you easily juggle several applications simultaneously. An integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN (RJ-45) connector makes networking easy. External ports include two USB inputs, a PCI port replicator, a FireWire high-speed connector, a 25-pin parallel port, a serial connector, a PS2 keyboard/mouse connector, and 15-pin VGA and S-video TV-out plugs. The ze5155 also includes a 56K integrated modem with RJ-11 connector. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, HP Memories Disc slide show (compatible with home DVD players), InterVideo WinDVD, CyberLink PowerDirector Pro VE video-editing tools, HP RecordNow CD-RW recording utility, ArcSoft Funhouse and PhotoImpression image-editing tools, Corel WordPerfect and Quattro Pro productivity applications, Quicken Financial Center by Intuit, Encyclopedia Britannica Ready Reference, Wild Tangent 3-D games, Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 with a three-month live update.

The Optiquest Q-95 19-inch CRT monitor with PerfectFlat technology provides creative flexibility as well as features that maximize options for advanced imaging. Business owners and others involved in desktop publishing, Web design, and photo editing will appreciate the 18-inch-viewable flat screen with innovative onscreen controls within arm's reach, and plug-and-play installation.Offering a maximum flicker-free resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 dpi with 80 Hz refresh rate, the Q-95 monitor features a 0.23-millimeter dot pitch, which delivers sharp, distortion-free images. The Q-95 highlights practical onscreen controls for easy access. Minimal reflection, a smooth surface, high-resolution capabilities, and top image quality are combined in the Q-95 to ensure that your important data and images are precisely displayed with crisp focus and vivid colors, all shown through glass optimized for antireflection and antiglare. The Q-95 is also PC ready and Macintosh compatible (with the addition of an optional cable).On-the-desk dimensions are about 18 by 19 by 19 inches, and weight is a solid 46 pounds. The monitor parts, labor, and picture tube are all supported by a limited three-year warranty. --Barbara Price

Designed primarily for those who need their portable computing to be  just that--portable--Toshiba offers the Satellite 3005-S307 notebook. Barely  tipping the scales at a featherweight 5.7 pounds and measuring just 10.6 by 12.2  by 1.4 inches, the 3005-S307 proves conclusively that downsizing isn't always a  bad thing. If you think a notebook can't be both small and effective, think again. The  3005-S307 is driven by an Intel 1.13 GHz Pentium III processor, a capable chip  that features Intel's battery-conserving SpeedStep technology and a sizable 512  KB of Level 2 cache for faster data transfer speeds. Internal memory is  preconfigured at an adequate 256 MB (expandable to a full 512 MB), and system  graphics are powered by a surprisingly potent 16 MB nVidia GeForce2 Go video  card. Before you even open it up, you'll see that Toshiba has fashioned the unit with  enough amenities to handle virtually any form of connectivity and future  expansion. The impressive roster of ports includes two versatile PC card slots,  three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a FireWire port for high-speed  data transfer, a parallel printer port, infrared and NTSC/PAL ports, and  headphone and microphone jacks. A SmartMedia slot allows you to add SmartMedia  RAM cards, and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection and integrated 56K  modem ensure you'll stay in touch no matter where you are.  With the 3005-S307, data storage and movement is not a concern. An accommodating  30 GB hard drive offers plenty of space for even the most software-intensive  applications. A speedy and convenient DVD-ROM/CD-RW combination drive allows  users to play and record their favorite music, back up valuable data, and watch  the latest Hollywood flicks, while a 3.5-inch floppy disk drive handles smaller  programs or files you might still store on a disk. Graphics are displayed on a surprisingly large 14.1-inch, active-matrix screen  that supports resolutions up to 1,024 x 768. Positional audio in 2-D and 3-D is  generated by an integrated Crystal CS4299-A Codec chip and delivered by a pair  of end-mounted speakers. The unit's keyboard features 85 full-size keys, a  variety of one-touch multimedia and Internet controls, a TouchPad pointing  device, and handy scroll function. To help get you started, Toshiba has preconfigured the 3005-S307 with a number  of useful software applications, including Microsoft's Windows XP operating  system, Lotus SmartSuite Millennium Edition, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, and  Norton AntiVirus 2002.

Stop wasting time and money using standard connectors. The patented EZ-RJ connectors simplify twisted pair terminations by allowing the wires to be inserted through the connector and out the front. The installer can now easily verify the proper wiring order without having to re-strip wires.  Electrical performance of the termination is optimized by pulling the connector down over the cable jacket and seating it tightly in the rear of the connector. Deliver more reliable connections and higher performance every time. The EZ-RJ connectors reduce waste, reduce time, and save money. Crimps must be used with patented EZ-RJ12 Crimp Tool, which crimps and trims in one easy motion. Manufactured in the USA. Note

CA DESKTOP MIGRATOR 2007 LARGE BOX ECOMMERCE 1U

This Ashton Air dash WRUB-1054I wireless LAN PCMCIA card adapter allows you to access a shared internet connection through a wireless device like a wireless router or an access point. The WRUB-1054I is easy to install and configure on your notebook. It can also be used as an access point so you can share wireless connection.

The latest dual 1 GHz Power Mac G4 improves system bandwidth with engineering enhancements that include a 167 MHz system bus, and features a new-generation graphics processor, a DVD- and CD-burning SuperDrive, and the new Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar preloaded. The dual 1 GHz processors put this fast Power Mac G4 squarely ahead of PCs for  high-end graphics workstation use, running professional applications like Adobe Photoshop up to 69 percent faster than a 2.53 GHz Pentium 4-based PC. And it's not all about processor speed--new memory cache technology and other engineering improvements inspired by Apple's new Xserve server architecture boost the speed of throughput between main memory and the system controller. Graphics performance is excellent, with ATI's hot new Radeon 9000 Pro graphics processor and Mac OS X Jaguar's new Quartz Extreme--a breakthrough combination of software and hardware that accelerates the compositing of 2- and 3-D images using your graphics card instead of the main processor. This gives the Power Mac G4 an order-of-magnitude advance in graphics capabilities--including color, lighting, modeling, transformations, texture mapping, motion blur, and more. In addition, the Power Mac lets you spread your work across two monitors for a larger workspace. This Power Mac comes with a fast 80 GB Ultra-ATA hard disk drive and three additional 3.5-inch hard disk drive expansion bays--with support for a total of up to four internal hard drives, for up to 480 GB of possible storage. Since the SuperDrive-equipped Power Mac comes with iDVD 2, you can burn data CDs and DVDs--with point-and-click ease--to archive your work minutes after you take your new system out of its box. It also accommodates a second optical drive in addition to the SuperDrive, so you can even watch a DVD movie while your work is burning to disc, or archive material at the same time. You also get the benefit of built-in Gigabit Ethernet for shooting large files across your network at previously unheard-of speeds, the 108-key Apple Pro keyboard, a 56K modem, four USB ports and two high-speed FireWire ports for connecting all kinds of peripherals, and an AirPort card slot. Four PCI expansion slots are also integrated directly into the main system controller, speeding expansion cards' throughput.	Apple Computer PowerMac G4-867MHZ 256MB 60GB SUPERDRIVE-CDRW/DVDR GB ENET 56K

Compaq's Presario 732US notebook hits the sweet spot between price, performance, and features. A high-quality, 14.1-inch display, DVD/CD-RW combo drive, and built-in networking are just a few of this notebook's first-class features. It's ideal for students or families looking for a portable all-in-one system. At 1.64 by 12.4 by 10.6 inches and 6.39 pounds, this Presario is about average in size and weight for a system with a built-in floppy drive. Its 14.1-inch TFT monitor, powered by the integrated Via Twister K graphics accelerator, delivers high-quality graphics and text at 1,024 x 768 resolution. Using the video-out connector, you can output those graphics to your TV. The system's JBL Pro Audio speakers with Bass Reflex provide excellent audio for listening to music or watching DVDs. Processing power comes from AMD's 1.2 GHz Athlon CPU, which features PowerNow technology for maximizing battery life. The Athlon offers more than enough power for typical home applications like word processing, Web browsing, and multimedia applications. The system's generous 256 MB of memory lets multiple applications run simultaneously without slowing down. The 30 GB hard drive provides plenty of space for storing applications, digital photos, or music files. A DVD/CD-RW combo drive lets you watch DVDs or burn your own CDs. The Presario 732US is outfitted with a complete array of connectivity options. An integrated 10/100 Ethernet adapter will connect you to broadband or your home network, and a 56K modem lets you dial up to the Internet. Two USB ports connect to peripherals like digital cameras or scanners, and a parallel port connects to legacy printers. The system's keyboard section features a standard 88-key layout and a touch pad for cursor control. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, a one-year subscription to the Encarta Online Encyclopedia, Roxio's EZ CD Creator, and Norton AntiVirus 2002.	The Compaq Presario creates the perfect balance of exceptional performance and lightweight convenience in a multimedia notebook. Its innovative design packs everything you need for the ultimate multimedia excitement. Breeze through your most demanding programs with an amazingly fast processor, generous cache and high-performance graphics. Watch your multimedia applications spring to life with the large display that features brilliant, lifelike colors and striking contrast. The Presario is the perfect all-in-one complement for the go-anywhere enthusiast who insists on the ultimate quality and performance that only comes from Compaq. Compaq Presario 700 Series is a feature-rich notebook offering the best price/performance ratio. High-performance AMD processors feature innovative PowerNow! Technology to dynamically adjust the processor speed and to offer just the right amount of processing power and battery life, while 3DNow! enhances games and other applications.

Neoprene Sleeve for Glasses - Manufacture ID

Logitech's Media Elite keyboard is a great upgrade keyboard for almost any PC, strikng the perfect balance between price, looks, and function. This slim Zero Degree Tilt design keyboard reduces wrist extension, letting you work longer without fatigue or strain. Special control buttons provide easy one-touch accessibility to your media player, controlling playback and other media functions directly from the keyboard.		With hot keys you can access your emails, visit your Internet home page, and browse through your favorite sites with just one button. The F-keys are very intuitive, easy to use, and can be programmed to launch Microsoft Office programs as well. The Zoom feature lets you see images and document details effortlessly. The USB interface ensures easy connectivity. This is a full-featured keyboard and a great value!

Ziplinq''s USB Notebook Light makes the perfect traveling companion for computer users on the go! Simply plug this small, flexible light into any computer''s USB port to easily illuminate your keyboard. The single, super bright LED makes it perfect for use on planes.

The Pavilion 735n Desktop PC may be an ideal fit for those who crave speed, but can't afford a big budget computer, and are willing to give up some of the perks of other, higher-priced HP Pavilions,. For the Pavilion 735n, HP moves away from the more expensive Intel Pentium 4 processors found in many of its 700 series of Pavilions. That does not, however, mean substantially less power. Equipped with an AMD Athlon XP processor 2600+ running at a healthy 2.13 GHz, a generous 512 MB of PC2700 DDR SDRAM memory, and an Nvidia GeForce4 MX graphics card with 64 MB of dedicated video memory, the system is ready to run virtually any application currently on the market, though ardent gamers and 3-D artisans may wish to add a faster graphics card at a later date.       HP has clearly constructed the Pavilion 735n to meet the growing demands of those who need alternative methods of data storage and movement. Apart from its massive 80 GB Ultra DMA hard disk, the system sports a 3.5-inch diskette drive, a 48X CD-ROM drive and a DVD+RW drive-- the latter of which allows you to burn home movies to disc, create mixed music CDs and backup copious quantities of information. HP has also installed a full half-dozen ultra-fast USB 2.0 ports for plug and play peripherals and two IEEE 1394 ports for high-speed links with external devices such as digital camcorders, scanners and drives. The Pavilion 735n features a broad range of useful amenities, including a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse, an HP Internet Command Center one-touch keyboard, a 10/100 Base-T networking interface for high-speed LAN and e-communication access and an internal 56K modem for low-speed connectivity. Pre-installed software includes the exceptionally versatile WordPerfect Productivity Pack and a variety of valuable multimedia utilities. It should be noted that the system does not include a monitor, thus allowing users to choose a custom model from the many brands and styles available today.

The NEC MultiSync FE700M flat monitor allows corporate, small office,  and home users to take advantage of today's intricate text and graphics  applications. This full-featured 17-inch (16-inch viewable) display is ideal for  office automation, including word processing, spreadsheets, and data entry. The MultiSync's 1,280 x 1,024 maximum resolution and fine 0.25-millimeter dot pitch, ensure sharp, crisp images.  For enhanced screen sharpness and color intensity, the antistatic, antiglare  screen treatment greatly reduces reflection while providing full use of the  entire display area. The MultiSync FE700M also includes two 2.2-inch full-range speakers in the base  for multimedia applications. The audio base has a headphone jack for private  listening. It has front bezel onscreen controls, which provide access to  brightness and contrast, image size and position, screen geometry, and color  preferences. An additional value-added feature is the dark-tint screen with  multilayer screen coating and OptiClear viewing. The monitor complies with EPA  Energy Star and MPR-II regulations. It is backed by a three-year limited  warranty.

NEC's AccuSync line of monitors is the company's most affordable group  of display solutions. Even though the AccuSync 50 is the entry-level 15-inch  model, it delivers fine quality at its superlow price. It's ideal for home or  cost-conscious business use. The AccuSync 50 is quite small (only 13.8 inches of viewable screen) but  nevertheless supports video modes as high as 1,280 x 1,024 at 66 Hz. The unit is  petite, measuring only 14.9 by 14.2 by 15 inches and weighing 31.5 pounds. This  makes the AccuSync 50 a workable solution for classrooms, computer labs, or  server rooms where both space and budgets are tight. When we examined the AccuSync 50, we were pleased with its image quality but  found practical limits to its daily use. While the monitor worked in all of its  rated resolutions, anything over 800 x 600 resulted in undesirably small text  (as any 15-inch model would). We found 800 x 600 the most comfortable mode for  ordinary Windows use, in terms of both image size and flicker-free operation.  The unit we examined also tended to slightly bend images from top to bottom.  This distraction may prove a nuisance for users switching between this monitor  and a flat-screen model. The monitor's brightness was superb, and the unit's onscreen menus offered good  control over display characteristics like individual color channel level,  position, and geometry control. All in all, this little monitor offers fantastic  quality for its price. Whether you're purchasing a monitor on a tight budget, or  standardizing on a display model for an environment with dozens of inexpensive  screens, you won't go wrong with this tike from the established NEC family of  monitors. --Stephen W. Plain

The WorkRite Pinnacle 2 is the latest generation of the highly acclaimed PinnacleArm. With an easy-read TiltRite gauge and full-range tilt support, the Pinnacle 2 keyboard arm offers unprecedented smoothness and adjustability for maximum comfort.

The GameCube is the first Nintendo video game system to use a disc-based medium rather than cartridges for its games. Moving the software to disc media generally means lower development costs for the publishers, which, in turn, trickles down to the consumer not only in price, but also in availability and quality, as it's then easier to try out untested game ideas (Pikmin). While most other systems likewise have their games stored on discs, the GameCube's 3-inch format is smaller than everyone else's, and is so designed to fit in a shirt pocket as much as to deter would-be software pirates.

External 20X DVDRW (LightScribe) wDVDRAM

# Product

Eliminates snails in fresh water aquarium does not kill snail eggs, treatment has to be re used after two weeks. Must be used in hard water only.  Ingredients

Nothing transforms a long airplane ride or a prolonged layover into a civilized experience faster than a notebook with a brilliant 15-inch display and a built-in DVD/CD-RW drive for screening DVD movies and listening to CDs. The Hewlett-Packard Pavilion ze4125 is just the kind of notebook PC that business travelers, or anyone, for that matter, might long for on such a journey. An AMD Athlon XP 1600+ processor provides enough computing sinew to handle a plethora of productivity tasks and entertainment duties. At roughly 7 pounds and barely more than 1.5 inches thick, the ze4125s 15-inch, active-matrix TFT display coupled with an ATI Mobility Radeon 4X AGP (including 3-D architecture for cutting-edge gaming) is likely to elicit envious glances from fellow travelers. The ze4125a DVD/CD-RW combination drive (24x/8x/8x, 8x DVD) provides not only multimedia entertainment, but also the flexibility to make CDs and back up data. The ze4125 heaps on the memory and storage. Its 40 GB hard drive devours large application and data files, and its 256 MB of DDR SDRAM--expandable to a maximum of 1,024 MB--lets you easily run several applications simultaneously. An integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN connector makes it simple to network the ze4125. External ports include two USB inputs, a 25-pin parallel port, a serial connector, a PS/2 keyboard/mouse connector, and 15-pin VGA and S-video TV-out plugs. The notebook also includes a 56K integrated modem with RJ-11 connector. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, InterVideo WinDVD, HP RecordNow CD-RW recording utility, ArcSoft Funhouse and PhotoImpression editing tools, Corel WordPerfect and Quattro Pro productivity applications, Quicken Financial Center by Intuit, Encyclopedia Britannica Ready Reference, Wild Tangent 3-D games, Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 with three-month live update.

Based upon Intel's Pentium 4 architecture but without some of the perks of an extreme high-end, high-cost unit, the HP Pavilion ze5270 notebook PC is a sensibly designed mobile solution that's ready for virtually any business, personal, or leisure application. Measuring 12.96 by 10.72 by 1.79 inches, the unit is a bit bulkier than some of the alternatives but surprisingly lightweight at just 7.5 pounds. Inside, HP has installed a powerful processing system comprised of a speedy 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor and 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to 1,024 MB). A 64 MB ATI Mobility Radeon graphics controller handles the 3-D video workload, capably displaying all but the most cutting-edge 3-D games. The unit features an adequate 40 GB hard disk, a 3.5-inch floppy disk drive for older or smaller applications, and a convenient DVD/CD-RW combo drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive data, and watch the latest movies. DVD burning is not supported. The system's crisp 15-inch XGA TFT display supports images at 1,024 x 768 resolution, and its integrated 16-bit Sound Blaster Pro-compatible audio chipset and Altec Lansing speakers ensure you hear accurate, dynamic sound. Controlling the Pavilion ze5270 is a snap. The unit features a full-size 88-key keyboard with embedded numeric keypad, a touchpad with on/off button, and a dedicated vertical scroll-up/-down pad. Other amenities include two USB 1.1 ports for plug-and-play peripherals, one IEEE 1394 port for high-speed interaction with demanding external peripherals such as digital camcorders, an S-Video TV-out, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack for fast network and Internet interaction, and a built-in 56K modem for low-speed e-communication.

Supports Intel Core 2 Quad/2 Duo/Pentium D/4,1333/1066/800/533 MHz FSB, NFORCE 680i SLI MCP chipset, Dual Channel DDR2 800/667/533 1.8V unbuffered 4 DIMM max8G, 3 PCI-E x16, Integrated SATA 3Gb/s with RAID, Gigabit Ethernet and IEEE1394

The luxuriously sleek, black Sony Vaio VGN-AR130G AR Digital Studio notebook PC is more than just a computing showpiece. It's a powerful, portable multimedia/entertainment PC that can nimbly handle the most advanced graphics for both video and immersive 3D games, watch and record high-definition TV programming, and communicate with pals all around with world via VoIP calling and video conferencing using the built-in microphone and camera. It has a stunning 17-inch display with an anti-reflective coating to keep everything in view even in bright sunlight. And with its built-in NTSC TV tuner, you can also use the VGN-AR150G view and record your favorite programs using the advanced entertainment features of the installed Windows XP Media Center operating system.  It's powered by Intel's new, groundbreaking processor--the powerful Core Duo T2400--which provides an optimized, multithreaded architecture for improved gaming and multitasking performance and a more efficient power consumption. The dual execution core T2400 has a 1.83 GHz processor speed and 2 MB L2 cache. Other hardware features include an extra-large 160 GB hard drive, 1 GB of installed RAM (2 GB maximum), full tri-mode 802.11a/b/g wireless capability, multi-format, dual-layer DVD burner, NVidia GeForce Go 7600 graphics card with 128 MB of video RAM, memory card reader, Bluetooth wireless connectivity, remote control/IR receiver, and a wide selection of preloaded Sony multimedia software titles.  The Basics  Hard Drive

Comfortable design with familiar button layout. Precise 8-way D-pad. Four thumb buttons and four triggers designed for fast action. Connect to any PC or Macintosh USB port. Quality construction as if you'd expect anything else from Logitech.

Stunning 24-inch wide format display with cutting-edge technology and host of advanced presentation features for the ultimate viewing experience.Primary InformationDisplay Type

Affordable and versatile, the iMac desktop is a great choice for those  seeking an entry-level Mac that performs most everyday tasks admirably. Included  is a 400 MHz PowerPC G3 processor, 64 MB of RAM (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a  10 GB hard disk. Its 24x CD-ROM drive helps out in the multimedia department, as  does the ATI Rage 128 Pro graphics card. The system is housed in an integrated  unit that includes a 15-inch display with a 13.8-inch viewable area. The  installed operating system is the Mac OS 9 rather than the new Mac OS X.	Apple iMac DV G3 400MHZ 64MB 10GB24X CD 56K INDIGO

Ergonomic Gel Filled Wrist Support

At 11.02 by 12.99 by 1.65 inches and 7.9 pounds, the Compaq Presario 2720US is not the smallest notebook on the market, yet that may be precisely the reason Compaq can offer such a capable computer at such a reasonable price. If you appreciate the power and performance of a top-notch notebook and can handle its slightly above-average size, the 2720US offers a lot of bang for the buck. The unit is particularly well suited to multimedia applications. Its large 1,024 x 768 15-inch, active-matrix viewing screen ensures you'll get the most out of the movies you can play on the system's integrated eight-speed DVD drive. Its subwoofer-enhanced JBL Pro Audio speaker system delivers impressive output whether you're enjoying a Hollywood blockbuster or listening to a compilation CD you've burned on the built-in, 16-speed (write) CD-RW drive. And although its 8 MB ATI Radeon video card won't effectively render the latest and greatest 3-D animation programs or games, it quite comfortably runs most any other entertainment or business application. Driven by a reliable 1.2 GHz Intel Pentium III processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache for improved data retrieval and Intel's battery-conserving SpeedStep technology, the 2720US is faster and more economical than many similarly priced notebooks. Compaq has matched this chip with 256 MB of 133 MHz SDRAM memory (upgradeable to one full GB) and a substantial 20 GB hard drive to fashion a solid nerve center that should satisfy all but the most demanding users. A 3.5-inch floppy disk drive offers support for older, smaller programs and quick data backup. The 2720US sports enough ports to accommodate virtually any form of expansion and exterior connection, including two USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, an S-video TV-out port for television output, a single parallel port for devices such as printers, an external monitor VGA port, an internal 56K modem and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection, an IEEE 1394 digital video port for digital camcorders, and a QuickDock connector for ultrafast hookup of additional accessories.  The keyboard section offers 88 full-size keys, an array of one-touch e-mail and multimedia controls, a four-way Internet scrolling tool, and a touchpad. To help get you started, Compaq has installed the Home Edition of the Windows XP operating system and an assortment of helpful Internet and informational utilities.

2Wire 2700HG ADSL DSL Modem Router Wireless G Firewall    This is your All-in-One solution for your home networking needs! DSL Modem, Router, Hyper-G Wireless Access Point, Firewall capability in one single device!  2Wire 2700HG-B DSL Modem / Router Wireless Gateway   AC Power Adapter   Unit does not come with stand

your hard top gaming surface, no matter which brand it is, needs maintenance to keep it smooth accurate as new, this is what Liquid can do for you

V620 VERIZON PCMCIA WIRELESS BROADBAND ACCESS PC CARD

Don't fumble through your pockets and your computer case looking for your flash drive! Use the handy Ultra Neck Strap/Lanyard so you'll always be able to conveniently access your important digital data no matter where your busy lifestyle takes you. This durable lanyard fits virtually all flash drives and offers a convenient, simple solution for anyone who wants their data close at hand. Attaches simply and securely. Choose Ultra Products for the very best quality and value for all your computer and electronics accessories.

This HP Omnibook is a commendable notebook in a number of ways. It's a  strong corporate notebook, substitute for a desktop system, or portable  entertainment machine. Its features include a 1.6 GB Pentium III processor, 256  MB of RAM (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a 20 GB hard disk. Its 8x DVD-ROM drive  and 14.1-inch, active-matrix, flat-panel display make it great for watching  movies while traveling, while the installed Windows XP Home OS further expands  its multimedia capabilities.	Hewlett-Packard OMNIBOOK XE3 P3-1GHZ 256MB 20GB XP-H 14TFT DVD 56K

QB 5054-R-LR HIGH-POWER BSU-SU 23DBI ANT 50M CAB

Now desktop PCs can go wireless in an instant! Netgear's HA311 Wireless PCI Adapter makes it simple to connect to a wireless network. Just slide this high-performance network card into the computer's PCI card slot and experience the best that wireless has to offer

Not all computer users are created equally, and neither are all  Compaq computers. In fact, the Compaq desktop and notebook lineup is  several dozen deep, each model configured slightly differently than the  next in order to reach every segment of the computing populace.  Compaq's most affordable machine, the Presario 5400US desktop unit is  designed to appeal to those who can't afford or don't require the  capabilities of its midrange and high-end machines or the portability  of its notebooks. Slightly less machine than other Compaq computers,  the Presario 5400US offers just enough power and accouterments to  handle most basic personal computing needs at a price so low it may  initially look like a misprint. Included in this package is the Compaq MV540 15-inch monitor. However,  bereft of a DVD drive, this system won't play movies. Sporting a  midlevel 8 MB video card, it's not well suited to demanding visual  applications such as the latest animated graphic programs or 3-D games.  And with just 128 MB of RAM, it won't effectively handle heavy-duty  multitasking and barely meets the recommended RAM for its bundled Home  Edition of the Windows XP operating system. Fortunately, users are able  to upgrade their RAM allotment to an impressive 512 MB. Regardless of its RAM configuration, the 5400US is more than adequate  for a wide variety of users. Certainly it should suffice for basic  everyday tasks such as simple accounting, word processing, light  graphics, and homework. Teachers, students, home financial strategists,  and children should find it quite acceptable, as should gamers who  gravitate to older titles. Obsessive Internet addicts will have to  supply their own network card and cable modem to really get up to  speed, although the unit's 56K modem will handle less-demanding  surfing. Music fans will love the integrated 8x CD-RW drive for burning  and playing their own CDs, although they must provide their own set of  PC speakers.  Though indeed a budget computer, the Presario 5400US in many ways  doesn't feel budget. Its Compaq USB Internet keyboard offers a number  of one-touch Internet, e-mail, and multimedia controls in addition to  its standard allotment of keys. Its compact case features a variety of  external connections and amenities, including a 3.5-inch floppy disk  drive, four USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals such as joysticks  and scanners, a speaker output and microphone jack, and a set of RJ11  phone-in and -out jacks.  The 5400US is powered by a 1.2 GHz Intel Celeron processor, which  delivers plenty of juice for fundamental tasks. Its 20 GB hard drive,  though somewhat below the norm for most current desktop systems, is  certainly sizable enough to store and operate all the software Compaq  has bundled with the unit, a list that includes Microsoft Money 2001,  Microsoft Works 6.0, Selective QuickRestore, Quicken Financial  Center/Quicken New User Edition, Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0,  America Online 6.0, Netscape Navigator 6.1, and a one-year subscription  to Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe Encyclopedia.

Case Logic CDMTK-1 BLACK Nylon Universal MP3 Travel Kit

This combo is the link to connect the digital HDTV signal in your satellite receiver to recording devices. Better than HD-Tivo or Dish 921 since you can use your compatible existing HDTV satellite receiver to record HDTV to tape or disks for long term storage not limited by a hard drive space. Phone 530-268-6970 for more details. The HDVR firewire upgrade interface circuit is installed by skilled technicians at 169time's office. To upgrade your box & receive a AVX1, order this item. You will receive a confirmation email with instructions to send your receiver to 169time for prompt turnaround. Your AVX1 will be shipped back with your receiver. Photos are the blue and white case AVX1 that measures 12.75W x 4H x 16.5D. Also pictured are the firewire outputs on the rear of a typical receiver, and the internally installed upgrade circuit board that most users never see except for the firewire jacks. Compatible DVHS HDTV VCR recorders (not included) are made by JVC, Mitsubishi, & Marantz. PC computer based recording is also possible using PCI firewire cards & software available elsewhere. Other AVX1 case styles and colors are available. HDVR firewire upgrades without the AVX1 for those users that choose to make their own AVX1, and complete packages with an AVX1, firewire upgrade, and satellite receivers with firewire outputs pre-installed are available. A few models are also available for self install by qualified users (shown with * in the list). Other models require installation at 169time's office. The HDVR upgrade is compatible with the following listed receiver models. Only order this item if you have a compatible receiver or decoder. Hughes HTL-HD & HIRD-E86 & HIRD-E8, Mitsubishi SR-HD5 & SR-HD400, Toshiba DST3000, Sony SAT-HD200 & SAT-HD300, Zenith DTV1080 & HD SAT520, LG LSS3200A Phillips DSHD800R, RCA DTC100*, Proscan PSHD105*, DishNetwork & BellExpressVu 6000*, GI/ Motorola HDD200* for 4DTV or Starchoice, Integra 912S & 815, Unity Motion HDR-1000A.

Technical Details	Lag-free head-to-head or Internet gaming at up to 11 Mbps, without stringing wires 	Converts wired-Ethernet-ready game consoles to Wireless-B network connectivity 	Works without drivers on PlayStation2, Xbox, and GameCube 	Exclusive Channel Selector Button makes network setup a snap 	One year limited warranty 		Product Details	Item Weight

The Mobile Edge WiFi Signal Locator (SL) is the smallest and most convenient way to check for hot spots without going through the tedious process of having to first boot-up your notebook and then search for a signal. By attaching the WiFi SL to your key chain or carrying case you will always be immediately aware of the presence of local hot spots. The patent-pending technology instantly detects only WiFi signal presence.  This technology eliminates false readings from microwave and portable phone interference.  It detects 802.11B and G Networks.  Plus, with four bright LED's you can easily see your signal strength.	It's one of the easiest to use gadgets that I've ever reviewed but it does exactly what it's supposed to.- ABC-TVThe Mobile Edge WiFi Signal Locator (SL) is the smallest and most convenient way to check for hot spots without going through the tedious process of having to first boot-up your notebook and then search for a signal. By attaching the WiFi SL to your key chain or carrying case you will always be immediately aware of the presence of local hot spots!The Wifi SL is half the size of the nearest competitive product and uses prorietary, patent-pending technology to eliminate false readings caused by such common objects as microwaves and portable phones.

GRC IBM 1136138 T26-77B

With a quantum leap in processing power, ultraefficient system  architecture, next-generation 3-D graphics, the revolutionary  DVD-R/CD-RW-burning SuperDrive, and Mac OS X, the dual 1 GHz Power Mac G4 is  designed to put your workflow into fast forward. Included in this package is  Apple's 22-inch TFT flat-panel monitor, making it an even more complete  powerhouse. The dual 1 GHz PowerPC G4 processors--with a combined performance of 15 billion  floating point operations per second, or 15 gigaflops--put this fearsomely fast  Power Mac squarely in the lead as the ultimate high-end graphics workstation.  The first Power Mac to blast through the 1 GHz barrier, the new twin-engined G4  runs professional applications like Adobe Photoshop up to 72 percent faster--and  crunches digital video over 300 percent faster--than a 2 GHz Pentium 4-based  PC. The system's graphics performance is off the charts, with hot new graphics  processors and dual display support. The nVidia GeForce4 MX delivers riveting  effects, with fluid motion and photorealistic 3-D images. The GeForce4 MX, a  phenomenal graphics processor with 64 MB of on-chip Double Data Rate (DDR)  memory, pumps out 1.1 billion textured pixels per second to kick your projects  into overdrive. Faster-than-light processor speed gets an additional boost with an advanced  cache memory architecture that provides ultrafast, dedicated memory with  massively enhanced throughput. Accessing data from main memory is significantly  faster than accessing data from the hard drive, and in these two models the  system architecture takes this concept one step further with an even faster  level of memory called L3 cache. The L3 cache uses high-speed DDR SDRAM  running at up to 500 MHz--boosting processor function by providing fast access  to data and application code at speeds of up to 4 gigabytes per second  (GBps). You also get the benefit of built-in Gigabit Ethernet for shooting large files  across your LAN at previously unheard-of speeds, a 56K modem, an AirPort Card  slot, two 400 Mbps FireWire ports, and four USB ports (two on the computer, two  on the keyboard). Incidentally, FireWire, PCI expansion (four full-length,  64-bit, 33 MHz PCI slots with 215 Mbps throughput), and Gigabit Ethernet are  integrated directly into the main system controller, reducing latencies and  providing superior I/O performance. This Power Mac comes with an 80 GB, 7,200-rpm Ultra ATA hard disk drive and  three 3.5-inch hard disk drive expansion bays--with support for up to two  internal ATA drives, three internal SCSI drives, or a combination of two ATA  drives and one SCSI drive for a total of 232 GB of internal storage. And since  the SuperDrive-equipped Power Mac comes with iDVD 2, you can burn data CDs and  DVDs--with point-and-click ease--to archive your work minutes after you take  your new system out of its box. With up to 4.7 GB of storage capacity on a  single optical disk, this Power Mac will never run out of space for your  ideas. The 108-key Apple Pro keyboard features full-size cursor keys for those times  when you want to zip up, down, and sideways to race through image retouching  tasks, change direction in games, or jump from place to place in a document. It  also gives you 15 full-size programmable function keys, so you can assign a  single keystroke to quickly launch a favorite application, execute a command, or  open a particular project file. The Apple Pro keyboard also comes with full-size  keys for Page Up and Down, Home and End, Insert and forward Delete, plus a  convenient Eject key for ejecting CDs or DVDs.

It would be hard to go wrong with a system like the Compaq Presario 5320US. Equipped with a 1.5 GHz Pentium 4 processor, 40 GB hard disk drive, and 512 MB RAM (expandable to 1,536 MB), it has all the basics covered--and then some. For ease of use, improved multimedia, and better support of peripherals, Compaq has installed Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft's next-generation operating system. To enhance multimedia applications and Internet connectivity, this system includes a 12x (write) CD-RW and 12x DVD-ROM drive, an nVidia Vanta graphics card, a 56K modem, and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC. For convenience and added functionality, the system is bundled with a Presario FS740 17-inch flat-screen monitor and IJ650 color ink-jet printer. All these features at a price lower than most comparably equipped desktops make this system a versatile addition to any home or office.	Compaq PRESARIO 5320US

What is a Category 5e patch cable? Think of it as the street that links the house on your block and all the destinations in town. In actuality it's a cable used to connect all the hardware destinations in a Local Area Network (LAN). The RJ45 Cat 5e patch is perfect for use with 10/100 Base-T networks. Primary InformationNetwork Cable Type

open box; bought but never had the chance to use; item in excellent condition comes with the software

Adding six FireWire ports to your computer couldnt be easier. The Belkin 6-Port FireWire Hub stands vertically on your desktop, conserving precious desktop space as it saves you from reaching behind your computer for ports. Simply plug your high-speed, Zip, optical, or disk drive, scanner, printer, and other peripherals into the five rear Hub ports; a sixth port is conveniently located up front for easy access for your digital camera or other portable peripherals. The unit stands alone or docks with additional Hubs, making it easy to put all your multimedia gear on the ultrafast FireWire track. FireWire technology supports up to 63 devices on one computer with Plug-and-Play ease.The Belkin 6-Port FireWire Hubs sculpted, breakthrough design is aesthetically pleasing as it is functional. Intrinsic cable management flows your cables from the Hub in single file arc, reducing desktop clutter.BenefitsConnect six FireWire devices.Hot swap FireWire electronics, digital cameras, and computer peripherals.Transfer data at incredible FireWire speedsup to 400Mbps and 30 times more bandwidth than USB.Store or transfer large multimedia files seamlessly to or from PC, DV camcorders, music synthesizers, drives, and other peripherals.System Requirements

Socket Communications Go Wi-Fi! P300 - SDIO 802.11g Card

The HP Universal Nylon Case is designed for notebooks with screens up to 17. It is built to the highest standards of design and quality and incorporates high-density foam and cushioning to protect your notebook while traveling. The HP Universal Nylon Case is designed specifically for HP notebooks for optimal protection it also features easy-access exterior front pockets for mobile accessories.

DVI-I Male to 3 RCA Component Adapter w/ DIP Switch for ATI Video Cards (Gold...

RW5252FM BUSLINK Buslink RW5252FM External CD-R/RW Drive FireWire

D-Link, an industry leader in networking, introduces another performance breakthrough in wireless connectivity - the AirPlus Xtreme G series of wireless networking devices. Based on D-Link 108G Technology, these 802.11g compatible devices are capable of delivering maximum wireless signal rates of up to 108Mbps* when used together.   	The award-winning DI-624 Wireless Router creates an 802.11g wireless network and wirelessly share a single broadband Internet connection throughout your home or office. Furthermore, the DI-624 has the superior performance capability to transfer large files and handle heavy network traffic.

Some consumers don't mind paying a little extra for the privilege of owning the absolute latest state-of-the-art gear. For the rest of us, there's the Compaq Presario 6016US desktop. Fast and powerful, while just a notch or two removed from the cutting edge, the Presario 6016US is an affordable yet proficient machine that should handle all but the most demanding applications. For the Presario 6016US, Compaq has selected a 1.53 GHz AMD Athlon XP processor with 256 KB of Level 2 cache. This speedy CPU is the brains of a capable processing engine that also features 512 MB of fast DDR DRAM (expandable to 1 GB) and an integrated 32 MB nVidia GeForce2 chip. The system bus speed is a reasonable 266 MHz. In plain English, the Presario 6016US is ready to run virtually any application currently on the market, although ardent gamers or animators may want to add a faster graphics card at a later date. Sporting a respectable 60 GB hard disk, the unit offers plenty of onboard storage space for all your programs and files. It also features a 3.5-inch floppy disk drive for your smaller applications and a 24x (write) CD-RW drive through which you can record and play audio CDs and transfer and archive your data. Compaq has not included a monitor or speakers, allowing you to select such components separately or perhaps make use of your existing audio-video setup. The Presario 6016US is packed with amenities to enhance your everyday computing, including six USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a serial port and parallel "printer" port, an integrated 56K modem for basic Internet and e-mail access, two free PCI slots for future expansion, and a scroll wheel mouse. The system's Compaq Internet keyboard features several one-touch buttons for convenient  access to various Internet and multimedia functions. To help get you started, Compaq has pre-installed a variety of software applications, including Microsoft's Windows XP Home Edition operating system, Microsoft Money 2002, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken Financial Center/Quicken New User Edition, Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe 2001, and plenty of Internet and multimedia tools and utilities.	Compaq PRESARIO 4400 CEL-1.3GHZ 128MB 40GB 24X CDRW 56K XPH

Package includes

Belkin Wireless G Notebook Card F5D7010 - Network adapter - CardBus - 802.11g - for Wireless G Router

VOIP RTR W/ 2 Phone PTS

The Compaq Presario 5330US is an impressive desktop system well suited to performing virtually any computing task. Consider, for example, its 12x (write) CD-RW and 12x DVD-ROM drives, 1.7 GHz Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of RAM (expandable to 1,536 MB), and nVidia GeForce2 MX graphics card. In addition to these features, it boasts an 80 GB hard disk, 56K modem, and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC. Compaq has even installed Windows XP, Microsoft's newest operating system, designed to better support peripherals and games while providing a new user interface. All this for a price that compares well with similarly rated and equipped products makes the Presario 5330US a solid solution to all your desktop computer needs.	Compaq PRESARIO 5330US

This HP ZT1270 notebook PC proves that you donM-^Rt have to be in the office to stay productive. It has plenty of power and storage provided by the Intel Pentium4 processor 1.6GHz, 512MB DDR SDRAM memory, and 40GB ATA 100 hard drive. Networking and sharing printers, files, and even Internet connections with other PCs is simple with the built-in 10/100 Ethernet Card and an 802.11b wireless card. And with a built-in DVD/CD-RW drive, you can get the most out of your music and movies.

Unlike the mechanical-trackball "mice of yore" that skip, stick, and need to be cleaned, the Microsoft D68-00007 TrackBall Explorer introduces an entirely new trackball featuring optical sensor technology. Reading through dirt, dust, and fingerprints, the optical sensor tracks the movement of the ball 1,500 times per second, giving you smooth, precise control. The Trackball Explorer comes with two additional buttons located on the side of the device--for a total of five buttons--for moving forward and back quickly in your browser, or you can program them. It also features a wheel for efficient scrolling and zooming and is ergonomically designed to support the natural position of your hand as you use your index finger to control the trackball.	Product Description	MODEL- D68-00007 VENDOR- MICROSOFT CORPORATION FEATURES- TrackBall Explorer- PS/2 & USB The TrackBall Explorer sets a new standard in trackballs by combining an IntelliEye optical sensor and an advanced ball design. The IntelliEye optical sensor tracks the movement of the ball 1500 times per second to give you unbelievably smooth precise control. * IntelliEye optical technology for more precise and better control than an old-fashioned mouse with a ball. * Browse easily with the programmable forward and back buttons. Scroll efficiently with the wheel. * The shape supports your hand in a natural posture. The ball is positioned for fingertip control and easy navigation. * The IntelliEye sensor has no moving parts to clean so your trackball stays smooth and precise. REQUIRES- 29MB of available hard-disk space CD-ROM drive Round mouse port (PS/2 compatible) or USB port (USB requires Windows 98 or 2000) Windows 95/98/Me/NT Workstation 4.0 with Service Pack 3 or later or Windows 2000. IntelliPoint software (included). MANUFACTURER WARRANTY

The ViewSonic E-790B 19-inch monitor provides creative flexibility and innovative features that maximize office options. It features an 18-inch viewable screen with a small footprint, so it takes up less of your valuable desk surface despite its large screen size. Wide horizontal and vertical viewing angles permit multiple users to see the screen without having to sit directly in front of the monitor. It's ideal for CAD/CAM designers and graphics professionals who want all the benefits of a large screen and for any office that demands true flexibility and fine resolution from a monitor.The ViewSonic E-790B 19-inch monitor features a 0.26-millimeter superfine dot pitch and a maximum flicker-free resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 at 76 Hz, which delivers sharp images. The E-790B highlights practical up-front controls for accessible control

Instantly add 160 GB of portable storage for all your business files, music, video, and games with a WD Passport portable USB 2.0 hard drive. This high-performance, 5400 RPM drive is simple to use, light and easy to carry, and requires no power adapter for most systems ? its powered directly through the USB cable. WD understands the importance of the information on your drive so weve designed a cool, rugged, shock-absorbing case to protect the 2.5-inch WD hard drive and the data on it. Fast 5400 RPM 2.5-inch drive performance Light and compact Back up your existing notebook hard drive for data protection, or just use the drive to share files between computers! Drive can be locked for extra security Power-conserving design prolongs laptop battery life Compatible with USB 1.1 or USB 2.0 ports running Windows 98SE/Me/2000/XP or Mac OS v9.2.2 or Mac OS X v10.1.5+

The Pavilion 764n Desktop PC, an aggressively priced unit that's packed with power and ready for virtually anything you can throw its way, heads the 700 series of computers. Though these computers may be intended primarily for the home-based multimedia fan, HP's 700 series of Pavilion desktop computers are capably equipped to handle a wide variety of applications. Driving the system is a state-of-the-art 2.66 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor and a generous allotment of 512 MB PC2100 DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to one full GB). Unlike other models in the 700 series, the Pavilion 764n also sports a truly high-end 3-D video card, the 128 MB Nvidia GeForce4 MX440 (with TV out). Consequently, it can handle 3D applications such as games and animation and drawing packages as well as it runs traditional 2-D programs. HP has clearly constructed the Pavilion 764n to meet the growing demands of those who need alternative methods of data storage and movement. Apart from its enormous 120 GB Ultra DMA hard disk, the system sports a 3.5-inch diskette drive and a DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can play and burn music CDs, produce mixed music DVDs, backup data to CD or DVD format and create home movies on DVD. HP has also installed no less than five ultra-fast USB 2.0 ports for plug and play peripherals and two IEEE 1394 ports for high-speed links with external devices such as digital camcorders, scanners and drives. The Pavilion 764n features a broad range of useful amenities, including a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse, an HP Internet Command Center one-touch keyboard, a 10/100 Base-T networking interface for high-speed LAN and e-communication access, an internal 56K modem for low-speed connectivity, and a pair of self-enclosed Polk Audio speakers. It should be noted that the system does not include a monitor, thus allowing users to choose a custom model from the many brands and styles available today.

COMPAQ PRESARIO C501NR NOTEBOOK PC - INTEL - CELERON M - 430 - 1.73 GHZ - DDR2 S

This Princeton high-definition display is a multi-frequency monitor capable of displaying the most common HDTV formats and line-doubled NTSC video, ensuring the discriminating enthusiast futureproof compatibility today. Princeton HDTVs have accurate colorimetry, superb linear grayscale, and excellent white balance and uniformity, giving DVD, DBS, computer graphics, and terrestrial HDTV broadcasts unsurpassed image quality and filmlike realism. With a true 40 MHz video amplifier and horizontal scanning rates to 50 kHz, Princeton HDTV performance exceeds what is commonly available in the market today and will meet your display needs well into the next millennium.

IDPAL Labeling Tools

Cisco 870 Series of integrated services routers are fixed-configuration routers that support multiple types of DSL technologies, broadband cable, and Metro Ethernet connections in small offices. They provide the performance needed to run concurrent services, including firewall, intrusion prevention, and encryption for VPNs; optional 802.11b/g for WLAN networking; and quality of service (QoS) features for optimizing voice and video applications. In addition, the Cisco Router and Security Device Manager (SDM) Web-based configuration tool simplifies setup and deployment, and centralized management capabilities give network managers visibility and control of the network configurations at the remote site.

DETAILS

With a supermini size of just 165 x 165 x 51mm, the Mini PC creates extraordinary desktop space for you to extend unlimited creativity.  Light and Handy - can be easily carried anywhere  Weighing a mere 1.15kg (0.52 lb), the AOpen MiniPC is designed for h

Classic door wedge organizer perfect for small items like pens, tire guage, etc. Long pocket stores maps for quick reference.

High speed USB 2.0 data transferProduct InformationThe Targus Universal 14 in 1 Memory Card Reader/Writer features high-speedUSB 2.0 connectivity for superior data transfer speeds and is backwardcompatible with all USB 1.1 ports so it will still work with your older systems.Easy to install the TGR-CRD14 is truly plug-and-play and is compatible withCompact Flash I II IBM MicroDrive SD/MMC XD/Smart Media Memory StickPro/Pro Duo Magic Gate and Mini SD memory cards.Product Features  Hi-speed USB 2.0    Certified for superior data transfer  Backwards compatible    For use with all USB 1.1 ports  Easy install and use    True plug and play no driver neededWindows Requirements  Windows 98SE Me 2000 XP    Pentium class PC with USB support    USB 2.0 port required for Hi-speed               transfer (full speed with USB 1.1)    CD-ROM DriveMacintosh Requirements  Mac OX 9.2x OS X v10.1.2+    Macintosh with USB support    USB 2.0 port required for Hi-speed               transfer (full speed with USB 1.1)    CD-ROM Drive

Incredibly small and lightweight when compared to the majority of notebooks and backed by IBM's comforting three-year no-hassle warranty, the ThinkPad T40 Notebook is the ideal mobile computer for those who prioritize durability and portability. Powered by a 1.5 GHz Intel Pentium M processor, 256 MB PC2100 DDR SDRAM memory and a 32 MB ATI Mobility RADEON 7500 graphics chipset, the ThinkPad T40 is built to efficiently run most standard mobile tasks. Those who regularly push the capabilities of their notebook--gamers, 3-D animators, ardent multi-taskers, and the like--would do well to look at one of IBM's more upscale ThinkPads. Tipping the scales at a scant 4.9 pounds and measuring just 15 by 10 by 1 inches, the unit is easy to carry and easy to operate in most any circumstance. Its amenities, however, are somewhat ordinary when compared to similarly priced systems. IBM has equipped the ThinkPad T40 with an adequate 40 GB hard drive for your everyday file and program access, an 8X DVD-ROM drive for playing but not recording home videos and movies, and a standard 14.1-inch TFT viewing screen. The obvious upside to the display is its maximum resolution--at 2048 by 1536 it offers a highly detailed perspective of your applications. Other perks include a full-size keyboard, a handy ThinkPad UltraNav pointing device, two high-speed USB 2.0 ports for fast interaction with plug and play peripherals such as external drives and digital cameras, and support for separately available port replicators and docking stations. Connectivity options include a low-speed 56K fax/modem, an RJ-45 Ethernet connector for high-speed Internet, email and network access, and facilities for wireless Wi-Fi equipment. Battery life is estimated at an impressive 5.4 hours under ideal conditions.	W2K 14-XGA DVD 56K ENET WL ULTRANA

RadTech ScreenSavrz protect delicate MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and PC laptop display screens from abrasion caused by the close tolerances present in modern ultra-thin notebooks. ScreenSavrz positively shield and protect your display screen from oils, dirt, keyboard marks and top case abrasion. ScreenSavrz also expertly clean and polish LCD displays without sprays or wet wipes - dampen ScreenSavrz with water and easily remove existing keymarks and scuffing.

Samsung's 700IFT SyncMaster monitor is a perfectly flat monitor for superb picture quality. Featuring a 16-inch viewable screen and max resolution of 2,045 x 1,536, this is an outstanding monitor for home and business alike. Additional features include a minuscule 0.20-millimeter dot pitch for the sharpest detail and 160 Hz maximum refresh rate (low resolutions) and a recommended completely flicker-free 1,280 x 1,024 resolution at 85 Hz. The screen has been enhanced with Smart III antiglare and antistatic treatment for easier viewing in any light. Digital onscreen controls are available for adjusting screen geometry, contrast, brightness, color temperature--nearly any option for greater viewing comfort. Menus can be displayed in nine languages.

This Mitsumi PS/2 3-Button Scroll Ball Mouse featuresa PS/2 interface, 3-buttons and a textured scroll button for comfort and ease! Simply plug thisMitsumi mouse to your PC's PS/2 port and you're ready to go to work!

Designed for people on the move, the LaCie PocketDrive is small enough to fit into your pocket and features a special silicone bumper and sturdy casing for proven shock protection. Using LaCie's unique U technology, the PocketDrive incorporates both USB and FireWire connectors, allowing you to swap from one computer to another without rebooting. New USB 2.0 interface delivers significantly faster transfer rates of up to 480 Mbpsec., while still allowing you to connect USB 1.1 devices. LaCie PocketDrives incorporate the latest chipsets available, ensuring transfer rates of up to 25 Mbpsec (write) and 35 Mbpsec (read) when using FireWire. Features  Large capacity

As a portable entertainment machine or as a substitute for a desktop system, IBM's ThinkPad A22M is a strong all-around performer. While the ThinkPad A-series isn't as svelte as IBM's top-of-the-line ThinkPad T models, it still offers an appealing set of components at a reasonable price. The processor is a Pentium III running at a fast 1 GHz clip, paired with 128 MB of memory (expandable to 512 MB). The screen measures 14.1 inches, providing lots of space to view movies on the notebook's built-in 8x DVD-ROM drive. A 30 GB hard disk drive and integrated 56K modem (but no networking) round out the list of core components. The installed operating system is Windows 98, which makes this notebook more oriented toward consumers than businesses, but a license for Lotus SmartSuite is included as well.	IBM Thinkpad A22M P3-1GHZ 30GB 128MB 98 14-XGA DVD 56K

Have a PDA or smartphone with a Mini SD slot, but no wireless networking? our latest WLAN card, brings 802.11b connectivity to your smartphone or PDA. No bigger than your thumb, this card will securely connect you to the web whenever and wherever you are in the world. Comes in protective plastic case with CD with drivers & manual

Duro Super Glue 2 Gram Squeeze Tube

ATEK INC.                           MB102 MOUSE BUNGEE WHITE       ACCS PREVENTS MOUSE CORD FROM SNAGGING

With dual 1.25 GHz PowerPC G4 processors, improved system bandwidth with a 167 MHz system bus, a new-generation graphics processor, a DVD- and CD-burning SuperDrive, and the new Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar preloaded, the fastest PowerMac ever combines screaming speed with ferocious graphics power. The dual processors put this fearsomely fast Power Mac G4 squarely in the lead as the ultimate high-end graphics workstation, running professional applications like Adobe Photoshop up to 90 percent faster than a 2.53 GHz Pentium 4-based PC. And it's not all about processor speed--new memory cache technology and other engineering improvements lifted from Apple's new Xserve server architecture boost the speed of throughput between main memory and the system controller to more than double the throughput of the previous dual 1 GHz Power Mac G4. Graphics performance is off the charts, with ATI's hot new Radeon 9000 Pro graphics processor and Mac OS X Jaguar's new Quartz Extreme--a breakthrough combination of software and hardware that accelerates the compositing of 2- and 3-D images using your graphics card instead of the main processor. This gives the Power Mac G4 an order-of-magnitude advance in graphics capabilities--including color, lighting, modeling, transformations, texture mapping, motion blur, and more. In addition, the Power Mac lets you spread your work across two monitors for a larger workspace. This Power Mac comes with a huge fast 120 GB Ultra-ATA hard disk drive and three additional 3.5-inch hard disk drive expansion bays--with support for a total of up to four internal hard drives, for up to 480 GB of storage. Since the SuperDrive-equipped Power Mac comes with iDVD 2, you can burn data CDs and DVDs--with point-and-click ease--to archive your work minutes after you take your new system out of its box. It also accommodates a second optical drive in addition to the SuperDrive, so you can even watch a DVD movie while your work is burning to disc, or archive material at the same time. You also get the benefit of built-in Gigabit Ethernet for shooting large files across your network at previously unheard-of speeds, the 108-key Apple Pro keyboard, a 56K modem, four USB ports and two high-speed FireWire ports for connecting all kinds of peripherals, and an AirPort card slot. Four PCI expansion slots are also integrated directly into the main system controller, speeding expansion cards' throughput.	Apple Computer PowerMac G4-867MHZ 128MB 60GB SUPERDRIVE-CDRW/DVDR GB ENET 56K

PhoneValet revolutionizes the way your busy home or small office uses the telephone.

Connector 1

Now there's even more to love about Apple's iBook notebook. Weighing in  at an easily portable 5.99 pounds and featuring a 600 MHz PowerPC G3 processor,  a 20 GB hard drive, and 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 640 MB)--plus AirPort  wireless networking and FireWire, USB, and Ethernet ports--the iBook connects to  hundreds of peripherals designed to fit your life. This system features a brilliant 14.1-inch TFT XGA active-matrix display and  razor-sharp 1,024 x 768 resolution. It's the perfect place for doing everything  from working on spreadsheets to displaying your movies and digital pictures in  millions of colors (incidentally, the iBook display scales down beautifully,  again with millions of colors, for special games and applications optimized for  800 x 600 or 640 x 480 resolutions). It's a marvel that such a wide screen has  been fitted into a notebook computer that measures just 12.7 inches wide, 10.2  inches deep, and 1.35 inches thick. Note also the fit and finish that has always  been a big part of the appeal of the iBook, as well as the subtle design touches  that make it the quintessential consumer portable. Included is a CD-ROM drive for playing games and music CDs, as well as the  option to upgrade with a DVD-ROM for enjoying DVD movies. The 600 MHz iBook  ships with a 20 GB Ultra ATA hard disk drive, or upgrade to an optional 30 GB  hard drive for even more storage space. In addition, this system comes with the  ATI Rage Mobility 128 graphics accelerator with 8 MB of SDRAM and AGP 2x support  for gorgeous 3-D graphics. The iBook also comes loaded with iPhoto, the cool new software application in  the easy-to-use tradition of iTunes, iMovie, and iDVD. iPhoto makes it a snap to  manage your digital pictures. You can present them in a full-screen slide show  (accompanied by your favorite music), e-mail them to your family and friends,  print them on your inkjet printer, order Kodak prints over the Internet, or have  them made into custom-printed, linen-bound books. In addition to handling digital photos with ease, the iBook lets you make your  own movies--and show them anywhere. Capture digital video footage on your DV  camcorder and turn it into engaging movies with the iMovie 2 software that comes  pre-installed. iMovie lets you transfer video clips from your digital camcorder  to your hard disk using the included FireWire port. Use iMovie to snip out the  boring parts and enhance the best parts with cool effects, transitions, and  titles. Then add a great soundtrack and you're done. Now watch your finished  movies full-screen on your iBook or use the iMovie Export feature to select from  a range of predefined QuickTime formats for creating and sharing movies. You  can, for example, compress your movies so you can burn them onto a CD or post  them on the Internet, or use the VGA video output port (for video mirroring on  an external display) and an AV port to show your movies and presentations on a  big-screen TV or projector (just add an optional Apple AV cable). For those interested in audio as well as video applications, the iBook comes  with iTunes 2, the software that lets you convert (or "rip") the songs on your  music CDs to MP3 format, simply by clicking a button. iTunes compresses  CD-quality audio files to about a tenth of their original size with very little  loss in audible quality. These significantly smaller file sizes enable you to  store thousands of songs on your iBook's hard disk drive.

Enjoying digital movies and music--especially personalized CDs--on a notebook PC can transform business travel into a civilized experience. Compaq is doing its part for road warriors by offering the Presario 910US, a notebook PC that delivers these goodies affordably. The 910USs 1.33 GHz AMD Athlon XP 1500+ processor provides solid performance across a wide range of productivity applications, games, and DVDs. A built-in combination DVD/CD-RW drive allows users to watch movies and listen to and create music CDs through the notebooks integrated JBL Pro Performance Audio with Bass Reflex speakers. The notebooks 30 GB hard drive provides substantial storage for data and music downloads, while its 256 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 256 KB of on-chip L2 cache make it easy to run multiple applications smoothly. An ATI Radeon IGP integrated graphics card and 16 MB of shared video memory deliver resolution of up to 1,024 x 768 on the 910USs integrated 14.1-inch TFT XGA display or up to 1,600 x 1,200 noninterlaced on an external monitor. The 1.5-by-12.8-by-10.6-inch, 6.5-pound notebook includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet port and 56K V.92 PCI modem. Expansion slots include one Type I/II PC Card slot with support for a 32-bit CardBus. The 910US also includes two USB 1.1 ports, a parallel SPP/ECP interface (DB25 connector), a PS2 mouse or keyboard port, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack and RJ-11 modem jack, an S-video TV-out port, and an external VGA monitor port. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe Encyclopedia (one-year subscription), InterVideo WinDVD, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 on CD.

Working at the office will be more fun than usual with this T2080 desktop computer from eMachines. Surf the Internet, make your own CDs, or just kick back, relax, and enjoy a DVD movie. These are only a few of the things that this PC can do. Just imagine all of the possibilities with the AMD Athlon XP 2000+ processor 1.667GHz, 80GB hard drive, 512MB DDR SDRAM memory, CD-RW drive, V.90 modem, and 10/100Base-T network card. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY

Cables and cords supplied with your electronic equipment normally come in lengths longer than what you actually need. The result? A massive knotted tangled mess. Sometimes even wire damage. The Cableyoyo from Bluelounge is a spool around which you wrap your spare cable.Any cable in fact up to 5mm in diameter including all low voltage chargers USB firewire data and phone cables. The design is ultra-thin so the cord cannot tangle and twist when extended. The ultra thin design also means that the Cableyoyo packs stacks and stows away easily. Perfect as gifts!Includes

THE RED HOT ROCK GUITAR - The most anticipated Rock Guitar controller is finally here. Designed, engineered and refined under the most rigorous testing to ensure maximum resilience, the Rock Guitar controller is just perfect for the award winning Guitar Hero in Playstation2 (PS2) platform. This masterpiece is designed to last for years under rigors of professional and competitive use. If you want to push yourself to the limit, this ultra-high performance Rock Guitar guarantees the maximum fun game play. If you are looking for an additional or alternative guitar controller, the Red Hot Rock Guitar is your answer. The quality is just Superb! You got to play it to believe it. Regardless you are a beginner or the advance player, now you can Rock with the Rock Guitar from your living room to the professional concert hall.

If you're seeking a business, entertainment, or desktop replacement  notebook with enough power and features to perform virtually any computing task, Toshiba Satellite 1805-S204 may be just the ticket. Just look at what this competitively priced system offers

Designed to maximize performance while minimizing expense, the HP Pavilion ze4230 is a solid midlevel notebook that's ready to efficiently handle most typical portable computing tasks. If price is a concern but you don't want to settle for a second-rate machine, the Pavilion should warrant serious consideration. Running at 1.8 GHz, the unit's Intel Pentium Celeron CPU is the heart of a sensibly designed processing engine that also includes a generous 512 MB of DDR SDRAM (expandable to 1,024 MB) and a surprisingly capable 64 MB ATI Mobility Radeon graphics chipset. You won't want to rely on the system for high-end 3-D gaming or heavy-duty multitasking, but it should suffice for most everything else. The Pavilion ze4230 features an adequate 40 GB hard disk on which to store your programs and files, and a convenient DVD/CD-RW combo drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive data, and watch the latest movies. No matter what you do, the unit's 15-inch XGA TFT display will convey crisp, clean images to a maximum 1,024 x 768 resolution. HP has even added a 16-bit Sound Blaster Pro-compatible audio chipset and integrated Altec Lansing speakers. Controlling the Pavilion ze4230 is a snap. The unit features a full-size 88-key keyboard with embedded numeric keypad, a touchpad with on/off button, and a dedicated vertical scroll-up/-down pad. Other amenities include two USB 1.1 ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a parallel port, serial port, VGA and TV outs, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack for fast network and Internet interaction, and a built-in 56K modem for low-speed e-communication. HP has fitted the Pavilion ze4230 with an eight-cell lithium-ion battery but neglected to incorporate high-speed USB 2.0 or IEEE 1394 interfaces. Pre-installed software includes Corel WordPerfect 10, Intuit Quicken New Users Edition, and an assortment of multimedia utilities.

Compaq's Deskpro EX is a powerful business system. A Pentium 4 chip clocked at 1.5 GHz promises plenty of speed, and 256 MB of memory offers the space you'll need to run demanding applications. The system also includes a 20 GB hard disk drive, a 48x CD-ROM drive, an nVidia TNT2 Pro graphics card, and Ethernet. The installed operating system is Windows 2000, an OS that offers the networking support and reliability that business users demand.	Compaq desktops offer the industry's most powerful and flexible combinations in single or multiple processor platforms.  Deskpro EX series delivers industry-leading value with the performance you need at the lowest possible price - while still providing the same level of quality, reliability, and service that customers have always expected from Compaq Deskpro products. Systems can be configured to meet very aggressive price points, or to offer the latest-and-greatest components and exceptional processing power. Deskpro EX is a fully expandable, industry-standard PC that features a wide range of performance options. Compaq Deskpro EX PCs are designed to provide stability and consistence throughout the product life cycle.

New Page 1        AGILER USB TO RJ45 LAN ADAPTER NEW    You are bidding on a Brand NEW Item In the retail package  Perfect if you want to add a network card to your computer quickly!!  The actual color of the device is Blue!!  Actual Picture's Shown                Description  USB 1.1 to LAN Adapter  General Features   Compliant with USB 1.1 Specification   Compliant with IEEE 802.3 (10BaseT) Ethernet Specification   Compliant with IEEE 802.3u (100BaseTX) Ethernet Specification   Half/Full Duplex 10/100 Mbps operation   USB to Ethernet Adapter   Drivers CD   Product Requirements

Bring some style to your work with this Michael Graves Wireless Keyboard and Mouse. One of the most celebrated architects of our time, Michael Graves balances form with function as few can. This sleek black keyboard and mouse provide a warm contemporary compliment to your computer at work or at home. The advanced radio frequency signal eliminates interference and one-touch function keys offer easy access to common commands. Requires MicroSoft Windows 95/98/2000/ME/XP or later, a CD-ROM or DVD drive, a PS/2 keyboard port and a PS/2 mouse port.

NEC MultiSync LCD2470WNX-BK  24"  Widescreen  TFT LCD Monitor with a Black cabinet. 1920x1200 Native resolution 1000

With a full 15-inch viewing area, the standard in LCD monitors, the AG Neovo M-15V offers well-chosen features and quality construction. Its sleek gray frame includes built-in, front-facing speakers and four USB ports. A clever wheel-based design allows convenient swiveling without attaching an additional arm; the frame may also be attached to the wall with an optional mounting kit.With an optimal resolution of 1,024 x 768, 0.297mm dot pitch, and 200 cd/m2 brightness, images are consistently sharp and flicker-free. The anti-glare, scratch-resistant hard coat allows crisp graphics to be seen under bright conditions, and the 200

This versatile 1GB microSD/ TransFlash memory card is about a quarter of the size of a standard SD card. It is designed to meet the needs of next generation, feature-rich mobile phones and other SD-compatible devices. This microSD memory card boasts a storage capacity of 1GB, enabling you to store large amounts of digital data (images, video, MP3, etc...) in your mobile phone. Its ultra-small size consumes very little power from your handset, to give you longer battery life on your phone. Our microSD comes with an SD adaptor that gives you the convenience to use it as a full-size secure digital (SD) card in SD-enabled devices.

The 3G Technology GM-1556 Gem 15-inch monitor is a solid value, with a  straightforward set of features you'll actually use and enjoy. Installation is  as simple as it should be for an entry-level unit. Slide it out of the box,  connect it to your PC, and you'll be up and running in five minutes or less. The  tilt/swivel base attaches to the bottom of the monitor with swift ease. The operation is standard; you'll usually just turn it on or off. A menu button  also displays onscreen controls to alter brightness or contrast. We pushed both  the brightness and contrast well beyond normal values to see how the unit would  perform, and we were impressed with the resulting visible range. Other menu  options let you access controls for the screen's vertical and horizontal  position and size, as well as correct any geometric or color distortion. A  recall button allows you to return quickly to the company's default settings,  which we found were actually the best settings for regular usage. The operating manual is concise. Simple line drawings illustrate monitor  controls and functions. Its easy-to-read chart format should help you resolve  the most common predicaments. --David Greenberger  Pros

On the more affordable end of Apples Power Mac G4 series, the 1 GHz M8839LL/A Power Mac G4 is nonetheless a capable desktop computer and worthy alternative to many of todays high-end, Pentium-based PCs. Driving the M8839LL/A Power Mac G4 is a 1 GHz PowerPC G4 processor. Although its clock speed may not be as fast as that of similarly priced Intel-based PCs, this powerful CPU features a stunning 1 MB of Level 3 cache and will therefore easily handle virtually any real-world application. Apple has paired this processor with 256 MB of fast PC2100 266 MHz DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to a massive 2 GB) and an nVidia GeForce4 MX graphics card with 64 MB of DDR SDRAM. Also included are a spacious 7,200 rpm 60 GB hard disk for storage of your files and programs, and a combination DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, back up data, and watch the latest Hollywood releases. In typical Apple style, the M8839LL/A Power Mac G4 is stunningly designed. Featuring a dynamic metallic yet transparent case, an etched Apple logo, and a variety of front-mounted connections, it is both futuristic and functional. Amenities include one high-speed FireWire 800 port (twice as fast as USB 2.0 for remarkably efficient interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders), two standard FireWire ports, four USB ports, an Apple Pro keyboard with 15 programmable function keys and CD eject control, and an Apple Pro mouse. Wireless connectivity is supported via an AirPort Extreme card expansion slot. The M8839LL/A system includes just a single mono speaker and no display screen, but offers provisions for any level of audio-video setup. Apple has pre-installed a broad range of software, including Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar, iTunes, iMovie, and QuickBooks for Mac.	Apple Computer PowerMac G4-867MHZ 128MB 60GB SUPERDRIVE-CDRW/DVDR GB ENET 56K

Sony's VAIO PCV-RS210 delivers strong processing power and solid general performance at a very reasonable price. In its stock configuration, the VAIO PCV-RS210 won't allow you to burn DVD's or play the most recent 3-D games, but it's otherwise quite satisfactory for typical computer tasks. Anchoring the VAIO PCV-RS210 is a 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 CPU. This is a relatively fast desktop processor, especially when running in conjunction with the system's generous allotment of 512 MB of memory (upgradeable to 1 GB). Sony has skimped just a bit on the 3-D capabilities by installing an Intel 845GV Integrated Graphics chipset with 64 MB shared memory. Though the unit will handle all 2-D and some 3-D tasks, it will require a graphics card upgrade to plow through the latest high-end 3-D apps. Sony has equipped the VAIO PCV-RS210 with an adequate 80 GB 7200 hard disk, a 3.5-inch diskette drive, and a convenient DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive information and watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters. To ensure fast interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders and cameras, scanners, and external drives, the system also features four high-speed USB 2.0 ports and two i.Link (FireWire) ports, one on the rear and another at the front. The VAIO PCV-RS210 features numerous other amenities, including a VGA monitor port, two PS/2 ports, a pair of freestanding stereo speakers, a user-friendly VAIO keyboard, and a PS/2 wheel mouse. Sony has not included a monitor, thus allowing you to utilize your current display or select from the many alternatives currently available. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Corel WordPerfect Office 2002, Intuit Quicken 2003, and several Sony multimedia utilities.

If you're seeking a notebook to replace your current desktop system or  for entertainment applications, look no further than the Toshiba Satellite Pro.  The system includes a DVD-ROM drive for playing movies on its 15-inch screen, as  well as a 20 GB hard disk drive for storing applications and multimedia files.  Included is a 900 MHz Pentium III processor paired with 128 MB of RAM  (expandable to 512 MB), along with a modem and networking support. The Satellite  Pro is attractively priced, though its weight of 7.4 pounds makes it an unlikely  choice for heavy travelers. The installed operating system is Windows 98, an OS  that, while less robust than Windows 2000, can be easier to use and more  forgiving if you plan to install a wide assortment of peripherals. Intuit's  Quicken Basic 2001 is included as well.	Toshiba Sat Pro 4600 P3-900 30GB 56K 128MB 98 15.1-TFT DVD/CDRW ENET

The ultimate mouse for discerning gamers or PC users who value high speed, precision, accuracy and total adjustability  The new GM3200 Laser Mouse is designed for high-performance PC work and combines the latest precision technologies with ergonomic design for hours of stress-free use.  Mouse resolution is switchable up to 3200 DPI with 4-stage on-the-fly user selection to match mouse speed to office task or game environment. The 4.5 megapixels per second report rate also accelerates mouse movement up to 20G to instantly communicate mouse commands to the PC for lightning responses.  The GM3200 features Saiteks SpeedGlide system of adjustable weights and Teflon feet area so that mouse momentum can be fine-tuned to suit personal preferences and use, while 3 buttons and scroll wheel with finger-hugging contours offer precise touch and total control. The four buttons, including shift to double up on commands, can be programmed using Saiteks SST software, with mouse settings and controls saved as game-specific profiles, selectable using the Profile button.	Laser mouse with superb ergonomics for hours of fatigue-free use, 3200 dpi for ultra high mouse speed and accuracy. Adjustable weights and Teflon feet area for precise control of mouse momentum. 9 LEDs for super-cool, pulsating lighting effects! 4-stage (800/1600/2400/3200) dpi on-the-fly sensitivity adjustment, 3 buttons and scroll wheel , 4 fully programmable buttons including shift to double up on commands. 4.5 mega pixels per second report rate accelerates mouse movement up to 20G. Gold plated, USB 2.0 connector,SST programmable software specific profiles. Automatic safety cut-off prevents laser glare. System requirements

ThinkPad T Series notebooks and mobile workstations offer performance, portability, and low cost of ownership in standard and wide aspect ratio screens.

Frequency Band 2.412-2.483 GHz Standards IEEE 802.11b / 802.11g Chipset Texas Instrument Numbers of Selectable Channels North America

This Virtually indestructible USB keyboard is so flexible, you can roll it up and bring it anywhere. It is a flexible keyboard made of a high quality silicone, which offers the perfect combination of practicality, durability, comfort and flexibility. This unique material allows you not only to clean the keyboard with soap and water, but also makes it resistant to dirt, dust, and even coffee! Simply wipe up any spilled liquid with a damp cloth , and then continue working. Lightweight, ultra-slim and compact, this keyboard is perfect for travel, school or any work environment. It fits easily in your briefcase, backpack, or notebook carrying case and you don't have to worry about any sharp edges! The soft material allows a quick, reflexive typing action that is silent and more comfortable than traditional hard plastic keyboards.

If youre shopping for an industrial-strength mobile computer to serve as a desktop replacement, the Toshiba Satellite 1905-S303 notebook PC is the kind of heavy-duty, no-compromises performer that can fill just about any shoes, no matter how big. The 1905-S303s 2.4 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor-M provides gale-force computing power across a broad range of productivity and multimedia software. The notebooks 512 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 512 KB of L2 cache smoothly run multiple applications simultaneously. The notebooks 40 GB hard drive offers substantial data and multimedia download storage. A multifunction DVD/CD-RW drive lets you watch movies, and listen to and record music and back up data on CD. Sound from the notebooks built-in stereo speakers is enhanced by 3-D sound support with HRTF 3-D positional audio, Direct 3-D sound, and hardware acceleration for DirectSound and DirectMusic. The 1905-S303 includes a 15-inch XGA active-matrix display that, coupled with an ATI M6-P graphics controller and 32 MB of 250 MHz DDR external video memory, supports up to 16 million colors at 1,024 X 768 resolution. The 8.3-pound, 13-by-10.9-by-2-inch 1905-S303 includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet interface with RJ-45 LAN port and built-in 56K V.92 modem with RJ-11 connector. Other ports include two USB interfaces, a TV-out interface, a FireWire interface, a parallel port, and an RGB monitor port. A 32-bit CardBus-ready PC Card slot supports two Type II cards or one Type III card. The notebooks keyboard includes 85 full-size keys with 12 function keys. The 1905-S303 also offers a touchpad pointing device and a full complement of hardware-based CD control functions. Installed software includes Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, InterVideo WinDVD, Norton AntiVirus 2002, and Adobe Acrobat Reader.

BZ-501 Lian Li brushed aluminum perforated 5.25" drive bay cover panel.

For Desktop PC with Internal IDE Interface and available Drive Bay / Up to 52x Write / Up to 24x Rewrite / Up to 52x Read

Powerful, yet priced to appeal to the budget-conscious consumer, the Compaq Presario 6010US desktop is an ideal solution for those who like to customize their personal computing environment. As the most affordable model in Compaq's extensive 6000 series of desktops, the 6010US is nevertheless well equipped to handle almost any computing task. At the heart of the system lies a 1.4 GHz Athlon XP 1600+ processor with 128 KB of Level 1 pipeline burst cache, 256 KB of Level 2 pipeline burst cache and a 266 MHz system bus speed. Compaq has paired this potent (yet price sensitive) processor with 256 MB of 266 MHz DDR DRAM memory (upgradeable to 1 GB) and an nVidia GeForce2 graphics card. In plain English, the 6010US should efficiently run anything but the absolute latest and most demanding 3-D applications and games. With the 6010US, your files and programs will be easy to store, easy to access, and easy to move. The system includes a large 40 GB hard drive for permanent storage and a 3.5-inch diskette drive for smaller files and quick backups. A fast 24x (write) CD-RW drive permits high-speed data and audio recording, and a 16x DVD drive allows error-free access to your favorite theatrical releases. If you ever do want to add another drive, the unit's spare expansion bay is ready to accommodate.  The 6010US is packed with a variety of amenities to enhance day-to-day computing, including a built-in 56K modem for low-speed Internet access and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet card for multiple computer networking and high-speed Web surfing. The system's Compaq Internet keyboard features an assortment of convenient one-touch multimedia and Internet controls, and its integrated SoundMAX III digital audio processor delivers clean stereo or Dolby Digital surround sound. In order to keep the price reasonable, Compaq did not equip the 6010US with a monitor or speakers. Customers are given the freedom of selecting separate components, a perfect situation for those who favor a certain brand or style, or may already own such equipment from a previous setup. Compaq has, however, incorporated a truly grand total of six USB ports to help ensure future compatibility with the ever-growing army of plug-and-play peripherals. The 6010US is packaged with an impressive array of installed software, including the Home Edition of the Windows XP operating system, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken Financial Center/Quicken New User Edition and Intervideo's WinDVD movie player.

If you want a computer that is good for business or home use, check out the Sony Vaio PCV-RX560. Just look at some of its features

Contains circles, hexagons, squares, and triangles. Size range from 3mm to 14mm. Size

Although Apples midlevel 1.25 GHz M8840LL/A Power Mac G4 unit isnt as potent as the top-of-the-line 1.4 GHz M8841LL/A model, its far from underpowered. In fact, like its upscale sibling, the M8840LL/A is driven by not one but two processors. Each runs at a clock speed of 1.25 GHz and both pack a whopping 1 MB of Level 3 cache. Thats a truly grand total of 2 MB of Level 3 cache, which allows the M8840LL/A Power Mac to perform at much higher speeds than its clock rating might otherwise indicate. Apple has also included 256 MB of fast PC2100 266 MHz DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to a massive 2 GB), a 64 MB ATI Radeon 9000 Pro graphics card, a spacious 80 GB Ultra ATA/100 hard disk running at an efficient 7,200 rpm, and a convenient CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive for burning audio CDs, backing up data, and playing the latest movies. As is typical with Apple computers, the system is stunningly designed. Featuring a dynamic metallic yet transparent case, an etched Apple logo, and a variety of front-mounted connections, it is both futuristic and functional. Desirable amenities include one high-speed FireWire 800 port (twice as fast as USB 2.0 for remarkably efficient interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders), two standard FireWire ports, four USB ports, an Apple Pro keyboard with 15 programmable function keys and CD eject control, and an Apple Pro mouse. Wireless LAN and Internet support is offered via an AirPort Extreme card expansion slot. The M8839LL/A system includes just a single mono speaker and no display screen, but offers provisions for any level of audio-video setup. Apple has pre-installed a broad range of software, including Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar, iTunes, iMovie, and QuickBooks for Mac.	Apple Computer PowerMac G4-867MHZ 256MB 60GB SUPERDRIVE-CDRW/DVDR GB ENET 56K

Psyclone Competition Grade Cables are engineered for the most accurate signal delivery giving you the truest real-time representation of what's happening in your virtual surroundings.

Like its slightly more powerful cousin, the 5430US, Compaq's 5423US  easily handles most any application thrown its way and provides plenty  of room for expansion and future upgrades. In addition to the  components that come standard with the 5423US, this bundle includes  Compaq's ultraslim FP745A 15-inch, flat-panel monitor, making this  option an even smarter choice for those seeking a state-of-the-art  computing experience. Topping the unit's impressive list of features is one of today's most  potent processors, Intel's 1.6 GHz Pentium 4. Although pricier than  most alternative processors, including Intel's own Celeron and Pentium  III and AMD's Athlon and Duron, Pentium 4 chips are generally faster  where it counts most--clock speed. And of the numerous Pentium 4  processors Intel currently markets, the 1.6 GHz model is just a few  rungs from the very top. For the 5423US, Compaq matches this capable Intel processor with more  than enough high-end memory to operate any program currently available  and handle most any conceivable level of multitasking. With 512 MB of  RAM at your disposal, it may be years until you even need to even  contemplate upgrading to the one full gigabyte the system supports. The 5423US offers something else most prebuilt computers do not--a  decent video card. Packed with a generous 64 MB of video memory, the  system's nVidia GeForce2 MX graphics board will comfortably operate all  2-D and 3-D tasks and pump out smooth frame rates and detailed textures  at all but the absolute highest 3-D game screen resolutions. Truly  serious gamers may want the additional performance perks of a GeForce3  or GeForce4 card, yet had best be prepared to drop quite a few more  dollars in the process. With the 5423US, data storage, movement, and backup should never be a  problem. Its monstrous 80 GB UltraDMA hard drive offers oodles of space  for even the most software-intensive workplace or gaming environment.  Its 16x CD-RW drive permits fast burning of audio and data backup or  data transferal CDs. Its 3.5-inch floppy disk drive supports any  programs or files you might still store on a floppy disk, and its 16x  DVD drive smoothly and accurately plays your favorite movies. And if  you ever do want to add another drive, the unit's two spare expansion  bays are ready to accommodate.  The 5423US is packed with a variety of tools to enhance day-to-day  computing. A built-in 56K modem supplies basic Internet connection  speed, and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet card offers multiple computer  networking and high-speed Internet potential. The system's Compaq USB  Internet keyboard sports an assortment of convenient one-touch  multimedia and Internet controls, and its IEEE 1394 FireWire port  supports fast data transfer between computers and peripheral devices  such as camcorders. Other important amenities include four USB ports (two of which are  handily positioned at the front of the case), a serial port for older  mice and external modems, a parallel "printer" port, and an integrated  AC97 Soundmax II Audio chip with support for Dolby Digital surround  sound. Compaq has not included speakers in the package, allowing users  to choose and configure their own audio setup. The list of  pre-installed software includes the Home Edition of the Windows XP  operating system, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken  Financial Center/Quicken New User Edition, and InterVideo WinDVD.

Enjoy a state-of-the-art monitor without having to shop around for a bigger desk. The Philips 17-inch 107B10 Business Series monitor is the world's smallest 17-inch monitor on the market today. With a front-to-back space requirement of only 368 millimeters or 14.5 inches, this new XSD model provides the uncompromising performance a serious business user demands while occupying the same amount of space as a traditional 14-inch display.The Philips 107B10's sleek design, which features a 16.0-inch (41-centimeter) visible image on a high-performance shadow mask tube, produces superior image quality while reducing unnecessary glare and washout. Your viewing experience is maximized with a flicker-free maximum resolution of 1,920 x 1,440 with a refresh rate of 160 Hz. A remarkable 0.25-millimeter dot pitch guarantees that detailed images and complex graphics will retain their visual brilliance and clarity.The Philips 107B10 also features an optional USB hub and multimedia base, allowing users the flexibility of easy connection to peripheral devices.  Designed for ease of use, the 107B10 is compatible with PC and Macintosh systems.Fitting your everyday business needs while occupying only a margin of space, the Philips 17-inch 107B10 Business Series monitor is a smarter breed of monitor.

Apple Computer POWERBOOK G4-550MHZ 20GB 256MB 15.2 WIDE CDRW/DVD GB ENET FIREWIRE

KingMax 8GB High-Speed Class 6 SDHC Card. Includes a FREE SDHC/SD/MMC USB Card reader which allows you to download your images, music and data directly to your computers USB port. Includes KingMax's Lifetime Warranty

The SyncMaster 210T provides 21 inches of high-resolution digital video quality. Based on an active matrix TFT LCD screen with a 0.27-millimeter dot pitch, this monitor provides large viewing capability in a compact package. With a native resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 pixels in analog and digital mode, this monitor delivers crisp, 16.7-million-color pictures. A wide 160-degree viewing angle displays an excellent picture from nearly anywhere. Analog and Digital inputs are available for best picture quality, and Composite and S-Video inputs allow you to watch VHS or DVD movies on your monitor without additional computer hardware. OSD controls let you customize viewing options for the most comfortable viewing experience possible. Adjustable Picture-in-Picture and Picture-below-Picture are also offered for convenience. This flat-screen monitor is covered by a three-year parts and labor warranty.

IN EXCELLENT CONDITION!! Comes with power cord and cat 5 ethernet cord. Does not come with directions or cd but can be downloaded for free from the internet. Want it shipped same day USPS priority mail? Update to expedited shipping at the checkout! Thank you for supporting our small business.

Whether you're looking for a corporate, multimedia, or family desktop,  Compaq's Presario 5410US is a solid choice. Just look at some of its features

Digital photography and entertainment enthusiasts seeking the most advanced technology and features available, take note

A sensible compromise between price and performance, Sonys new Vaio PCV-RX820 desktop PC delivers ample speed, easy operation, and all the essential tools for the modern computer user. Those who must have the fastest processor and state-of-the-art goodies like DVD burners should investigate other Vaio models such as the stunning Vaio PCV-RZ16G, but the PCV-RX820 should suit everyone else just fine. Featuring a 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of PC-2100 DDR RAM, and a 400 MHz front-side bus, the PCV-RX820 is powerful enough for virtually any current home, home office, or business application. Its integrated 32 MB SIS651 graphics accelerator will handle everything but high-end 3-D games. Its speedy 40x/32x/12x CD-RW drive will burn audio and data CDs and play retail music discs, and its built-in 16x DVD player allows you to enjoy the latest Hollywood blockbuster or quickly copy contents from one CD to another. To help keep your files and programs in order and to ensure you have enough room for the future, the system also includes an 80 GB hard drive. Sony has even incorporated a 3.5-inch floppy disk drive for older or smaller programs and files. The PCV-RX820 sports a wealth of connection interfaces and devices, including a digital audio port, headphone-in and microphone-in, a parallel printer port, and an exclusive Memory Stick Media Slot. An integrated V.90 modem provides low-speed e-mail and Internet access, and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Fast Ethernet connection delivers high-speed Web and LAN connectivity. Anyone who transfers particularly large amounts of data (such as DV camcorder footage) will appreciate the units half-dozen high-speed USB 2.0 ports and front and rear IEEE 1394 interfaces. Sony has not packaged the PCV-RX820 with a viewing screen, allowing users to make their own selection from the numerous available choices.

Form and functionality collide with style in the NexStar 3 External Hard Drive Enclosure from Vantec. With its mirror finish, sleek curves and bold colors, the Vantec NexStar 3 stands out from the crowd. The sturdy drive cage protects your hard drive while the aluminum case effectively draws away the heat, protecting your drive from overheating.Available in 3 vivid colors (Onyx Black, Brilliant Red and Midnight Blue), the NexStar 3 lets you store your personal data in an enclosure that matches your style!

This apple airport basestation is the M5757 Basestation. It allows you to broadcast your wireless internet to 11 different computers at the same time! This basestation will work with 802.11b and 802.11g cards! It actually runs on the 802.11b. Therefor, if you have 802.11g products running with it, they will be slowed to the 11 mbps speed of this basestation.

Whether you're looking for a notebook for business, as a desktop replacement, or for entertainment purposes, the Vaio PCG-FXA36 has a lot of appealing features. These features include a 1 GHz AMD Athlon CPU, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), 15-inch, 1,024 x 768 resolution active-matrix screen, and combination CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive. Additionally, the system has a 20 GB hard disk, 56K modem, and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC. Loaded with Windows XP Home Edition, this notebook weighs 7.2 pounds.	Maximum power, storage, and mobility. ThatM-^Rs what you get with this PCGFXA36 notebook computer from Sony. Packed inside is a 1GHz AMD AthlonM-^Y 4 processor, 20GB hard drive, 256MB RAM and new Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating software. And with its compact, all in one design, the floppy drive, combo CD-RW/DVD drive and hard drive are all housed together, so you donM-^Rt have to worry about carrying along extra gadgets. Everything you need to get your work done when youM-^Rre on the go.

If portability is paramount, very few notebooks can touch Sonys Vaio PCG-VX89. Just 12.3 by 10.3 by 1.3 inches and a featherweight 4.42 pounds, the Vaio PCG-VX89 weighs significantly less than a typical briefcase and isnt much larger than a letter-size file folder. Though not as versatile or as powerful as some Sony mobiles, the Vaio VX89 nevertheless offers slightly faster processing and CD speeds than its brother, the Vaio VX88, and is an ideal choice for light- to moderate-duty computing on the go. At the heart of the system lies a 900 MHz Intel Pentium III processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache, 256 MB of SDRAM memory (expandable to 512 MB), and a 32 MB (shared) Intel 815EM graphics chip. While this level of performance wont be enough to satisfy power users or anyone who dabbles in CAD drawing programs or 3-D games, its more than enough for most standard notebook purposes. The VX89 features a number of data storage, transfer, and backup alternatives, including a sizable 30 GB hard drive, a Memory Stick media slot, and an external i.Link CD-RW/DVD combo drive (24x/24x/10x CD-RW, 8x DVD), through which you can archive your files, record and play music CDs, and watch DVD movies. Youll monitor your activities on the systems surprisingly large 14.1-inch XGA TFT display and built-in stereo speakers. Connectivity options are plentiful. Sony has included an internal V.90 modem for low-speed Web and e-mail access, an Ethernet interface and wireless LAN interface for high-speed surfing and LAN integration, an IEEE 1394 jack for fast uploads from devices such as digital camcorders, and two USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals. The units long-lasting lithium-ion battery provides up to 6.5 hours from a single charge, and its control center features a standard keyboard with Jog Dial and electrostatic touchpad.

VOGEL'S EFW2010, UNIVERSAL WALL SUPPORT WITH TURN AND TILT FUNCT

The iMac may be the epitome of a home system or entry-level multimedia  desktop. This model, in a deep-blue translucent color that Apple calls "indigo,"  offers a 500 MHz processor, 128 MB of RAM, and a CD-ROM drive, all housed in an  integrated case with a 15-inch display. Additionally, the system has a 20 GB  hard disk drive, an ATI Rage 128 Ultra graphics card, a 56K modem, and a 10/100  Mbps Ethernet interface. Both the classic Mac OS 9 and the slick new Mac OS X  ship with the system.

Of all the computers in the Compaq lineup, the Presario 5430US desktop  may well be the most adept. Constructed only of top-level or near-top-level  components, the 5430US easily handles most any application thrown its way and  provides plenty of room for expansion and future upgrades. In addition to the  components that come standard with the 5430US, this bundle includes Compaq's  15-inch MV540 monitor and IJ650 color inkjet printer, making this option an even  smarter choice for those seeking a state-of-the-art computing experience. Topping the unit's impressive list of features is one of today's most potent  processors, Intel's 1.8 GHz Pentium 4. Although pricier than most alternative  processors, including Intel's own Celeron and Pentium III and AMD's Athlon and  Duron, Pentium 4 chips are generally faster where it counts most--clock speed.  And of the numerous Pentium 4 processors Intel currently markets, the 1.8 GHz  model is just a few rungs from the very top. For the 5430US, Compaq matches this capable Intel processor with more than  enough high-end memory to operate any program currently available and handle  most any conceivable level of multitasking. With 512 MB of RAM at your disposal,  it may be years until you even need to even contemplate upgrading to the one  full gigabyte the system supports. The 5430US offers something else most prebuilt computers do not--a decent video  card. Packed with a generous 64 MB of video memory, the system's nVidia GeForce2  MX graphics board will comfortably operate all 2-D and 3-D tasks and pump out  smooth frame rates and detailed textures at all but the absolute highest 3-D  game screen resolutions. Truly serious gamers may want the additional  performance perks of a GeForce3 or GeForce4 card, yet had best be prepared to  drop quite a few more dollars in the process. With the 5430US, data storage, movement, and backup should never be a problem.  Its monstrous 80 GB UltraDMA hard drive offers oodles of space for even the most  software-intensive workplace or gaming environment. Its 16x CD-RW drive permits  fast burning of audio and data backup or data transferal CDs. Its 3.5-inch  floppy disk drive supports any programs or files you might still store on a  floppy disk, and its 16x DVD drive smoothly and accurately plays your favorite  movies. And if you ever do want to add another drive, the unit's two spare  expansion bays are ready to accommodate.  The 5430US is packed with a variety of tools to enhance day-to-day computing. A  built-in 56K modem supplies basic Internet connection speed, and a 10/100 Mbps  Ethernet card offers multiple computer networking and high-speed Internet  potential. The system's Compaq USB Internet keyboard sports an assortment of  convenient one-touch multimedia and Internet controls, and its IEEE 1394  FireWire port supports fast data transfer between computers and peripheral  devices such as camcorders. Other important amenities include four USB ports (two of which are handily  positioned at the front of the case), a serial port for older mice and external  modems, a parallel "printer" port, and an integrated AC97 Soundmax II Audio chip  with support for Dolby Digital surround sound. Compaq has not included speakers  in the package, allowing users to choose and configure their own audio setup.  The list of pre-installed software includes the Home Edition of the Windows XP  operating system, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken Financial  Center/Quicken New User Edition, and InterVideo WinDVD.

As a notebook for business or entertainment, Compaq's Presario 2701US  offers a combination of solid features and price that is tough to beat. It  boasts a 1 GHz Pentium III processor, 512 MB of RAM, a 15-inch, active-matrix  flat-panel screen, and both an 8x (write) CD-RW and 8x DVD-ROM drive. Also  included are a 30 GB hard disk, a 56K modem, and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC. To  round out this Presario's versatile package, Compaq has pre-installed Windows  XP, Microsoft's new operating system that combines the stability of Windows 2000  with better support for peripherals and games.	Compaq Presario 2701US Notebook (1-GHz Pentium III, 512 MB RAM, 30 GB hard drive)

One of the most trusted names in electronics, Sony is into computers in a very big way. Its lineup consists of a broad range of desktop systems, each geared to slightly different needs and budgets. With the Vaio PCV-RX860 desktop, Sony offers near-cutting-edge performance at a slightly more affordable price than its top-of-the-line models. Built to suit all but the most demanding computer users, the Vaio PCV-RX860 features a fast 2.4 GHz Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of PC-2100 DDR RAM (upgradable to 1.5 GB!), and a speedy 533 MHz front-side bus. In plain English, this capable computer will make quick work of virtually any task except for the most intensive 3-D games. Hard-core gamers should look at either upgrading the systems graphics processor or purchasing a more appropriate Vaio, such as the PCV-RZ16G. The Vaio PCV-RX860 offers a variety of data storage, backup, and transfer options. Apart from its large 80 GB hard drive and 3.5-inch floppy disk drive, the unit features a handy DVD-RW/CD-R drive for recording and playing music CDs, archiving files, burning home movies onto digital video media, and enjoying the latest Hollywood blockbusters. To make all these operations even easier, Sony has included a PS2 wheel mouse and a Vaio Smart keyboard, the latter of which incorporates numerous convenient multimedia and Internet hotkeys. The system bristles with connectivity options, including six high-speed USB 2.0 ports for plug-and-play peripherals such as joysticks and external CD burners, an IEEE 1394 interface for out-board devices such as DV camcorders, a proprietary Memory Stick Media Slot, a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Fast Ethernet interface, and an integrated V.90 modem. Sony has not included a viewing screen, allowing users to make their own selection from the numerous traditional and ultrathin LCD models on the market.

The LL-T17A3 is Sharp's high resolution, high contrast monitor that is designed for office and professional applications. The screen is equipped with a high performance TFT that achieves a contrast ratio of 500

Eliminate noise from the AC line and shielding from RFI and EMI; Ferrite noise technology 24K gold-plated oxygen-free twisted conductors Hermetically sealed molded ends 12'

Looking for some hot gaming action? Check out our PlayStation2 Action Gamer Pack. This special bundle includes the new PlayStation2 console (with controller), a bonus Dual Shock 2 controller, a vertical stand, and three games (Madden NFL 2001, Tekken Tag Tournament, and Ridge Racer V). At the heart of the PlayStation2 is the 128-bit Emotion Engine processor, which promises to bring lightning-fast gameplay and unprecedented graphics power to your TV screen. We've packed in three AAA action titles to get things started. EA Sports' Madden NFL 2001 fully utilizes the PlayStation2's advanced hardware with ultrarealistic rushing, passing, blocking, and tackling. You can play the built-in AFC and NFC lineups, or even create your own players. The graphics power of the PlayStation2 brings a new level of detail to the game. As play progresses, you'll see the field collecting scars from some of the rougher tackles, and the players will show some wear of their own, too. If you're willing to break away from the football game, there's also Tekken Tag Tournament. With more than 30 characters to fight against or beside, this game allows you to pull off the ultimate human combo

blue gamecube controller

Trapezoid profile design expands to 6" width 7 pocket front panel organizer Full width,padded Air Mesh rear panel Side mounted iPod Pocket with pass-thru Heavy duty 50mm adjustable sholder strap with non-slip pad Integral front flap pocket expands storage

As the crowning jewel of Sony's "Digital Studio" line of PCs, the VAIO PCV-RZ36G Desktop is one of the fastest and most versatile pre-configured computers currently on the market. Powerful enough for any business environment but best suited to a home setting where its wealth of multimedia and entertainment amenities may be fully exploited, Sony's top-of-the-line PC and most luxurious Digital Studio to date is ready for many years of upgrade-free computing. If speed is what you crave, the VAIO PCV-RZ36G delivers. Outfitted with a lightning fast 3.0 GHz Intel Pentium 4 Processor with Hyper-Threading Technology (Hyper-Threading allows a single CPU system to behave in some aspects like a dual-CPU system -- thus boosting performance during key high-drain procedures such as multitasking), and a stunning 1 GB of premium PC-2700 333 MHz DDR memory, the system is perfect for those who drive their computers beyond reasonable expectations. Sony has even addressed the Achilles Heel of most out-of-the-box desktops by enclosing a 128 MB nVidia GeForce FX 5200 graphics card with w/TV-Out to handle high-end 3-D games and applications. When it comes to the storage and movement of data, Sony has left nothing to chance. The VAIO PCV-RZ36G is fitted with an enormous 160 GB hard disk for your frequently accessed programs and files, a 3.5-inch diskette drive for older or smaller applications, and a DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive information, watch the latest cinematic releases and create your own DVDs. For fast interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders, scanners and external drives, the system also features eight high-speed USB 2.0 ports and two IEEE 1394 FireWire connectors (mounted front and back). The VAIO PCV-RZ36G is packed with numerous other desirable perks, including a VGA/DVI port for flat-panel displays, an S/PDIF out, two PS/2 ports, a 2.1 speaker system with subwoofer, and a handy VAIO Smart keyboard. The incredible software package features a variety of business applications such as Microsoft Money 2003 and Intuit Quicken 2002, as well as an impressive array of multimedia titles not available with any other desktop, including several high-end music, video and image editing utilities. A monitor is not included with this computer.

Just because you have a limited expense account doesn't mean you shouldn't have a reliable mobile computer crafted of respected components. Based upon Intel Pentium 4 architecture but without some of the bells and whistles of a high-end, high-cost unit, the HP Pavilion ze5250 notebook PC is a sensibly designed machine perfectly suited to most common computing applications. Measuring 12.96 by 10.72 by 1.79 inches and weighing a comfortable 7.5 pounds, the Pavilion ze5250 is not particularly difficult to transport. Inside HP has installed a capable processing system comprising a high-performance 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a 64 MB ATI Mobility Radeon graphics chip. In simple terms, there isn't much the Pavilion ze5250 can't do. The unit features an adequate 40 GB hard disk on which to store your programs and files, and a convenient DVD/CD-RW combo drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive data, and watch the latest movies. Its integrated 15-inch XGA TFT display is just slightly larger than average and supports crisp, clean images at 1,024 x 768 resolution. HP has even added a 16-bit Sound Blaster Pro-compatible audio chipset and integrated Altec Lansing speakers. Controlling the Pavilion ze5250 is a snap. The unit features a full-size 88-key keyboard with embedded numeric keypad, a touchpad with on/off button, and a dedicated vertical scroll-up/-down pad. Other amenities include two USB 1.1 ports for plug-and-play peripherals, one IEEE 1394 port for high-speed interaction with demanding external peripherals such as digital camcorders, VGA and TV outs, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack for fast network and Internet interaction, and a built-in 56K modem for low-speed e-communication. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Corel WordPerfect 10, Intuit Quicken New Users Edition 2002, and an assortment of multimedia utilities.

THINKPAD T23 P3-M1.13 30GB 128M XPPRO 14.1-XGA 8X-DVD 56K ENET

The FE950+ Totally Flat 19-inch monitor uses a flat aperture grille tube to display images with greater sharpness and reduced glare and reflection. Combined with a 0.25 to 0.27-millimeter variable dot pitch, this monitor provides remarkable picture clarity. This is also a comfortable monitor for your eyes, making it ideal for situations requiring extensive use. At the recommended 1,280 x 1,024 resolution, the refresh rate is a flicker-free 85 Hz. Displayed on the 18-inch viewable screen, you'll be able to fit more on-screen for better convenience and productivity. Additional features include OptiClear screen treatment which further reduces glare without distorting picture for high-contrast imaging. NEC's On-Screen Manager lets you tweak monitor settings through an onscreen menu system for quick and convenient adjustments. NEC covers this monitor with a three-year parts and labor warranty.

PNY MultiMedia cards are designed to allow you to easily upload, download, store and capture images, music and data in your digital camera, audio player, PDA or other handheld devices. These non-volatile, durable cards are designed to perform over a wide temperature range while being extremely shock resistant. Let PNY flash products help you get the most out of today's technology.

With a leap in processing power, next-generation 3-D graphics, and Mac  OS X pre-installed, the latest 800 MHz PowerPC G4-equipped Power Mac is designed  to put your workflow into fast forward. The system's graphics performance is off the charts, with hot new graphics  processors and dual display support. The ATI Radeon 7500 delivers riveting  effects, with fluid motion and photorealistic 3-D images. The GeForce4 MX, a  phenomenal graphics processor with 64 MB of on-chip Double Data Rate (DDR)  memory, pumps out 1.1 billion textured pixels per second to kick your projects  into overdrive. The Apple Display Connector (ADC) makes it a snap to connect your Power Mac to  your choice of three brilliant displays. Combine it with the  15-inch or  17-inch Apple Studio Display, or  the gorgeous 22-inch Apple  Cinema Display, and you'll have the perfect environment for creative  professionals. You also get the benefit of built-in Gigabit Ethernet for shooting large files  across your LAN at previously unheard-of speeds, a 56K modem, an AirPort Card  slot, two 400 Mbps FireWire ports, and four USB ports (two on the computer, two  on the keyboard). Incidentally, FireWire, PCI expansion (four full-length,  64-bit, 33 MHz PCI slots with 215 Mbps throughput), and Gigabit Ethernet are  integrated directly into the main system controller, reducing latencies and  providing superior I/O performance. This Power Mac comes with a 40 GB, 7,200-rpm Ultra ATA hard disk drive and three  3.5-inch hard disk drive expansion bays--with support for up to two internal ATA  drives, three internal SCSI drives, or a combination of two ATA drives and one  SCSI drive for a total of 232 GB of internal storage.  The 108-key Apple Pro keyboard features full-size cursor keys for those times  when you want to zip up, down, and sideways to race through image retouching  tasks, change direction in games, or jump from place to place in a document. It  also gives you 15 full-size programmable function keys, so you can assign a  single keystroke to quickly launch a favorite application, execute a command, or  open a particular project file. The Apple Pro keyboard also comes with full-size  keys for Page Up and Down, Home and End, Insert and forward Delete, plus a  convenient Eject key for ejecting CDs or DVDs.

Compaq Cpu Heatsink with Fan (Socket 370/2-Wire)

MacBook delivers the power of the Intel Core 2 Duo -- the latest generation of Intel processors -- and a slew of innovative features, including

Replace your original power supply with a standard ATX Computer power supply of your choice. Now you can have an inexpensive replacement, or, opt for more power, less noise, or both! The PSU Energyzer requires no assembly or wiring - just plug it in, turn on your PC power supply, and turn on your Xbox 360.		The PSU Energyzer is a special cable with an OEM Xbox 360 power plug on one end, and a 20 pin ATX connector on the other.	Please note that the original Xbox 360 Power Supply provides 203 watts, and 12v DC current at 16.5 amps, and 5v DC at 1 Amp. For the PSU energyzer to work, your PC power supply must provide this much SUSTAINED power at a minimum. Many PC power supplies are rated for PEAK power instead of sustained power, so you must check the label of your power supply to see if it provides enough sustained power.

The NVIDIA GeForce FX 5500 Chip, is a GPU that will unleash stunning 3D worlds for the mainstream. Powered by the same advanced technology and features as the rest of the FX family, the e-GeForce FX 5500 delivers studio-quality color and amazing cinematic gaming effects. With 128MB or 256MB of video memory and the latest NVIDIA Technology, such as the CineFX Engine, and High-Precision Graphics, the e-GeForce FX 5500 offers a lot in a small package.

P/S FOR GS105 V2 100-120V AC 50/60 HZ3A

Generic 3BTN Mini Wireless Optical Scroll Mouse (Black/Silver) LM-811-O

Option HDD rack for 3 of 3.5" HDD (2 bays of 5.25" to 3 bays internal)	1 x 8 cm dual ball fan with a filter	Compatible with most of case	Front panel with washable air filter.	HDD module with 8cm bearing cooling fan.	Aluminum alloy allows for fast HDD cooling.

Experience Surround GraphicsTM	Building on the award-winning DualHead2Go technology, Matrox is proud to present TripleHead2Go, a palm-sized box that uniquely allows you to add two or three monitors with a combined resolution of up to 3840 x 1024 to your workstation, gaming system or laptop, even if that system only supports a single display output. For example, connecting three 19" monitors would give your desktop an incredible 45" of total diagonal. The latest in Matrox's new series of Graphics eXpansion Modules (GXMs), TripleHead2Go delivers incredible productivity boosts to office work, Surround Design to workstation environments for professionals and an immersive Surround GamingTM experience to enthusiasts with support for over 150 popular gaming titles.		TripleHead2Go is not a graphics card but an external box that harnesses your system's existing graphics solution (including SLITM) for rendering of all 2D, 3D and video, and adds multi-monitor support. TripleHead2Go appears to your system as an ultra-widescreen 3840x1024* monitor and simply connects to your computer via a standard analog VGA monitor cable. Using Matrox patent-pending technology, TripleHead2Go then splits the 3840 x 1024 Microsoft Windows desktop into three separate 1280 x 1024 screens of information, and displays across three independent 1280 x 1024 monitors. There is no image distortion and no scaling to the original raw pixels generated from the existing graphics accelerator.		NOTE

The ViewSonic E-790 19-inch monitor provides creative flexibility and innovative features that maximize office options. It features an 18-inch-viewable screen with a small footprint, so it takes up less of your valuable desk surface despite its large screen size. Wide horizontal and vertical viewing angles permit multiple users to see the screen without having to sit directly in front of the monitor. It's ideal for CAD/CAM designers and graphics professionals who want all the benefits of a large screen and for any office that demands true flexibility and fine resolution from a monitor.The ViewSonic E-790 19-inch monitor features a 0.26-millimeter superfine dot pitch and a maximum flicker-free resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 at 76 Hz, which delivers sharp images. The E-790B highlights practical up-front controls for accessible control

If you're looking for the ultimate gaming or business rig, you've come to the wrong place. But if you need a solid home, home office or second computer that'll allow you or your family to run general applications such as word processing and spreadsheets, do their homework or burn a music DVD, the HP Pavilion a300n Desktop PC is ready to accommodate. As a bonus, it is one of the most affordable desktops currently on the market.  For the Pavilion a300n Desktop, HP has obviously worked hard to keep the price down while at the same time maintaining reasonable performance. Driving the unit is a cost-effective Intel Celeron processor rated at 2.6 GHz and an adequate 256 MB of DDR SDRAM memory. The system's graphics controller, an integrated Intel Extreme chipset with just 32 MB of video memory, is certainly the weak link. Though you'll be just fine with 2D applications, you'll need to upgrade to a better chipset with external memory if you wish to play the latest games or engage in sophisticated 3-D graphics. Furthermore, power users who need a business workhorse would be far better of if they double the RAM memory or, better still, explore one of HP's more upscale systems.  Data handling tools include a smallish 40 GB hard drive, a convenient 3.5-inch diskette drive, and a CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive through which you can archive data to long-lasting digital media, play and burn audio CDs and enjoy the latest movies. DVD burning is not supported.  The system features satisfactory connectivity, including five high-speed USB 2.0 ports for exchanging information with external devices such as digital cameras and scanners, a 56K modem for low-speed dial-up surfing and a 10-/100-Mbps Ethernet card for high-speed e-communications. HP has added a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse and convenient HP Multimedia keyboard but has not enclosed a display or speakers, thus allowing you to select from the wide variety of choices available today.

Lenovo 3000 N100 Notebook w/ Intel Core 2 Duo Processor T7200 2.0GHz, 15.4 widescreen WSXGA+ 1280x800 TXT, Vibrant Display, 120GB 5400rpm HDD, 1GB Memory, Integrated Camera, Lenovo a/b/g/n Wireless, Bluetooth Wireless Technology, XP Home

If your desktop is prime real estate but your work is graphic intensive, the MultiSync 1550M LCD monitor's small footprint, rich color, and bright display provide a solution on all levels. The LCD screen has a 15.0-inch viewable area, with 1,024 x 768 maximum resolution. With a contrast ratio of 450

When it comes to laying down money for a desktop PC under $1,500 thats powerful and loaded with great features and extensive expandability options, the Sony Vaio PCV-RX850 is a rock-solid bet. The RX850s 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 delivers premium processing crunch for a full range of productivity, entertainment, and multimedia applications. An 80 GB hard drive provides vast storage capacity, and 512 MB of RAM--expandable to a whopping 1.5 GB--enables multiple applications to run simultaneously without a hiccup. An SiS651 integrated graphics card with a Real 256 2D/3D graphics accelerator and 32 MB of shared graphics memory--expandable to 64 MB--provide the video horsepower to deliver a superb viewing experience on any monitor you might pair with this system. Separate DVD-ROM and CD-RW drives make it convenient to watch movies, listen to and create audio CDs on a pair of included stereo speakers, and rapidly back up data. A Memory Stick media slot enables easy data transfers among compatible Sony products. Ports are numerous and ultraconvenient on this tower PC, including six USB ports--two on the front and four on the back--and FireWire interfaces both on the front and rear of the box. Also included are a parallel port, two PS2 ports with accompanying Sony Vaio Smart Keyboard and a wheel mouse, a VGA interface, an AGP port, and two available PCI slots. An integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN connector makes networking easy. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Corel WordPerfect Office 2002, Intuit Quicken 2002, Adobe Acrobat Reader, and Trend Micro PC-cillin. Also included are PictureGear Studio, Sony DVgate and MovieShaker software for capturing and editing full-motion digital video footage and creating movies with transitions and other effects, and SonicStage for Vaio PC.

Samsung's 22-inch 1200NF monitor is a perfectly flat, high-resolution monitor designed for graphic artists and users who expect the best possible video quality. Featuring a 20-inch viewable screen with a fine 0.24-millimeter dot pitch, you'll be able to see more onscreen, with a better picture, than ever before. Supporting a maximum resolution of 2,048 x 1,536 pixels at a 75 Hz refresh rate, you'll become accustomed to unbelievable display clarity without distracting flicker. Watch videos or look at home photos on your computer in 16.7 million colors. Additional features include easy access one-button automatic adjustment and recall for screen geometry. An antiglare-antistatic treatment has also been applied to the screen for comfortable viewing in any lighting. A multimedia USB Hub is integrated into the monitor for additional connections to plug-and-play USB devices like digital cameras and scanners. Samsung recommends an optimal resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 pixels at 85 Hz refresh rate. This monitor is covered by a three-year parts and labor warranty.

A diverse collection of brand new instruments for GarageBand!		AMG plug the gaps in the factory library with all your most requested instruments.		'The ExpansionPack for GarageBand from the maestros at AMG plugs whatever gaps there are in the standard library with a whole raft of high-quality virtual instruments. This collection extends Garageband's repertoire to undreamed-of levels.' - MacUser, Nov 2004 		92 brand new instruments for GarageBand covering brass, vintage keys and even Celtic instruments! Instruments featured include

Portable computers offering premium performance and features usually come at a pretty steep price. But the Compaq Presario 920US notebook PC delivers a high-end experience for mobile workers, students, and home users in an elegant, value-priced package. A 1.67 GHz AMD Mobile Athlon XP 2000+ processor provides ample power to blaze through a wide range of productivity applications, games, and DVDs. A built-in combination DVD/CD-RW drive lets 920US users view movies and listen to and create music CDs through the integrated JBL Pro Performance Audio with Bass Reflex speakers. A 40 GB hard drive provides generous storage for data and music downloads, while 512 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 256 KB of on-chip L2 cache run multiple applications simultaneously with nary a hiccup. An ATI Radeon IGP integrated graphics card and 16 MB of shared video memory deliver resolution of up to 1,024 x 768 on the 920USs integrated 15-inch TFT XGA display or up to 1,600 x 1,200 noninterlaced on an external monitor. The 1.5-by-12.8-by-10.6-inch, 6.5-pound notebook includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet port and integrated 56K V.92 PCI modem. Expansion slots include one Type I/II PC Card slot with support for a 32-bit CardBus. The 920US also includes two USB 1.1 ports, a parallel SPP/ECP interface (DB25 connector), a PS2 mouse or keyboard port, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack and RJ-11 modem jack, an S-video TV-out port, and an external VGA monitor port. An 88-button keyboard includes oversize keys, separate cursor control keys, and a feature that allows you to easily scroll vertically and horizontally through Web pages and documents. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe Encyclopedia (one-year subscription), InterVideo WinDVD, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 on CD.

The perfect desktop may be elusive, but the Vaio PCV-RX550 comes remarkably close. With its 1.5 GHz Pentium 4 chip, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), dual 40x (read), 16x (write), 10x (rewrite) CD-RW and 16x DVD-ROM drives, and an nVidia TNT2 M64 graphics card, it has everything you'll need to do a myriad of different tasks. The product also includes a 60 GB hard disk, 56K modem, and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network card. Its price is about average for desktops as a whole and lower than average among similarly rated products. It comes with Windows XP Home Edition installed.	With a 1.5GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 256MB SDRAM, 60GB hard drive, Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating system, DVD and CD-RW drive this Sony PCVRX550 desktop is built to move. YouM-^Rll have more than enough power to run your favorite programs, watch a movie, create CD mixes or surf the Internet with the V.90 modem. And with the IEEE 1394 ports, front access USB connections and a 10/100Base-T Ethernet you can enjoy greater connectivity. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY

Use this type F adapter to convert a screw-type male connector into a push-on type male connector for fast, temporary work.

Ashton Digital VisionGate 52 Amorphous 15.1" Active Matrix TFT-LCD Flat Panel Monitor, Pivot LCD Screen (Landscape to Portrait), 4 USB Hubs w/Speakers, TV Inputs

Intel Pentium 4 - 2.8 GHz Processor - 2.8GHz

Some PC users simply dont want or need the cutting-edge performance of a costly, top-of-the-line mobile computer. For them, Sony offers the Vaio PCG-FR130 notebook, a sensibly designed and affordable unit thats powerful enough to operate most typical portable computing applications. At the heart of the Vaio PCG-FR130 is a cost-effective yet muscular 1.67 GHz AMD Athlon XP 2000+ processor, which, when combined with the systems adequate allotment of 256 MB of DDR SDRAM (expandable to 1,024 MB), delivers above-average power. An integrated 16 MB nVidia GeForce4 420 Go-V graphics chipset enhances the performance of 3-D video applications but is certainly not sufficient for serious gaming. Measuring 13 by 10.8 by 1.7 to 2.1 inches and weighing just 7.2 pounds, the Vaio PCG-FR130 is smaller and more lightweight than many of todays notebooks. Sony has equipped the unit with a sizable 40 GB hard disk and an internal CD-RW/DVD drive through which you can burn and listen to audio CDs, back up important files, and watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters. Youll monitor your activities on a 14.1-inch XGA TFT display capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution. Other desirable amenities include an internal V.90 modem for low-speed e-communications, a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface for high-speed connectivity, headphone and microphone ports, integrated stereo speakers, and an 86-key QWERTY keyboard with electrostatic touchpad. Home movie and digital picture buffs will appreciate the units two high-speed USB 2.0 ports and single IEEE 1394 interface. Sony has pre-installed an impressive variety of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Quicken 2002 New Users Edition, Corel WordPerfect Office 2002, and a broad array of audio, video, and photo utilities. Battery life for the Vaio PCG-FR130 is estimated at 2.5 to 3 hours.

Netgear FR114P

The folding keyboard from DS International is a revolutionary idea. A keyboard that is not only spill proof and easy to type on - but can also FOLD up to be put anywhere from your pocket, to a briefcase, or a drawer. Perfect for people on the go!!

Compaq's Presario 4410US desktop computer is a great option for those  who can't afford or don't require the speed and power of a pricey  state-of-the-art machine. Powered by a reliable Intel 1.3 GHz Celeron processor  with 256 KB of Level 2 cache, 128 MB of 133 MHz SDRAM, and an 8 MB accelerated  video card, the 4410US offers plenty of oomph for applications such as data  management, word processing, Internet surfing, and some 3-D graphic design. It  distinguishes itself from the slightly less expensive Presario 4400US by virtue  of its integrated DVD-ROM drive, which at 16x is fast enough to capably  reproduce anything Hollywood has to offer. Although the 4410US is not ideal for demanding 3-D applications such as high-end  CAD design or gaming, it is far from a bare-bones machine. Compaq has taken  advantage of recent hard drive price drops to equip the unit with a sizable 40  GB hard drive. It has included a fast 24x (write) CD-RW drive for recording and  playing music and archiving data, a 3.5-inch disk drive for archiving and  transferring smaller amounts of data, and a SoundMax III digital audio card for  clean, accurate sound. A spare bay is reserved for future drive expansion, four  USB ports for fun plug-and-play peripherals such as digital cameras and  joysticks, a parallel port for non-plug-and-play printers, and a serial port for  older mice and external modems. Online fans will love the unit's incorporated Compaq Internet keyboard. In  addition to the standard array of keys, it also offers several supplementary  buttons for convenient one-touch access to e-mail functions and favorite  Internet sites. Even the system's mouse is equipped with a Web-ready scroll  wheel for easier navigation. An integrated 56K modem delivers basic Internet  connection speed. In order to keep the price as low as it is, Compaq has not outfitted the 4410US  with a monitor or speakers. Prospective customers are thus given the freedom of  selecting separate components, a perfect situation for those who favor a certain  brand or style or may already own such equipment from a previous system. A copy  of the latest and most stable Microsoft operating system, Windows XP, and a  variety of multimedia, data protection, and Internet applications complete the  package.	Compaq PRESARIO 4410 CEL-1.3GHZ 128MB 40GB 16X DVD 24X CDRW 56K XPH

Well suited for home and small-office use, this 19-inch (18 inchesviewable) monitor goes easy on the eyes with OptiClear viewing and anantistatic, antiglare coated screen. Boasting a totally flat aperturegrille, the monitor delivers stunning color and exceptional crispness.Its 1,600 x 1,200 maximum resolution, a maximum refresh rate of 73 Hz, and0.25-to-0.27-millimeter dot pitch combine to ensure high-quality images ideal fordesktop publishing, graphics, gaming, browsing the Internet, and more. The MultiSync FP950 also boasts an intuitive control system. It is EPAEnergy Star and MPRII compliant. Compatible with IBM, Windows 95/98, Unix, Macintosh,Power Macintosh, and third-party graphics standards, the FP950 comes backedwith a three-year limited warranty on parts and labor.

The HP Pavilion a1740n comes loaded with the all tools you need to easily create, manage, share, and enjoy your digital photos, home videos, movies, and music. You can easily burn your home video productions to DVD for friends and family with the dual-layer, multi-format DVD/CD burner, which enables you to store up to 8.5 GB of data on a DL disc and provides a super-fast 16x DVD+R/-R write speed. It also includes LightScribe technology for personalized silkscreen-quality, laser-etched CD/DVD labels created right in the drive.   This desktop is powered by the 1.86 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo E6300 dual-core processor, which provides an optimized, multithreaded architecture for improved gaming and multitasking performance, and it features a 1.86 GHz speed, an amazing 1066 MHz system bus, and large 2 MB L2 cache. Store more music, videos, and data on the very roomy 320 GB Serial ATA hard drive, which offers fast transfer rates. It also comes loaded with 2 GB of RAM (which can be bumped up to 4 GB), an integrated Intel GMA 950 video/graphics card with 32 MB of dedicated video RAM (and up to 224 MB shared with system memory), a wide variety of connection ports on both the front and rear of the box, and a 9-in-1 memory card reader, and a built-in drive bay for an optional HP Pocket Media Drive.  It comes preinstalled with Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium, which includes all of the Windows Media Center capabilities for turning your PC into an all-in-one home entertainment center. In addition to easily playing your DVD movies and managing your digital audio library, you'll be able to record and watch your favorite TV shows (even HDTV). Vista also integrates new search tools throughout the operating system, includes new parental control features, and offers new tools that can warn you of impending hardware failures.  The Basics  Processor

This NETGEAR RangeMax NEXT Wireless-N Router is the next generation of wireless home networking technology. It operates on the 2.4 GHz wireless range, is compatible with 802.11n draft specifications, and has four Ethernet ports for wired access. RangeMax NEXT extends the possibilities of wireless home network by providing wireless speeds of up to 270 Mbps. This next generation wireless standard utilizes advanced MIMO (Multi-In, Multi-Out) technology , which delivers incredible speed and range, and for the first time, provides wireless interoperability at the highest speeds. A RangeMax NEXT wireless network creates and maintains stable connections and enough bandwidth to surf the Internet, download MP3s, make VoIP phonecalls, share files, play network games, and stream high-definition videos, simultaneously at any distance or location in the home or small office. RangeMax NEXT is compatible with all legacy Wireless-B/G products! Preset internal antennas provide maximum performance and high-quality streaming every time. Touchless WiFi Security makes creating the highest level of network security easy and includes WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK . Setup is simple thanks to NETGEAR's Smart Wizard! Get your NEXT generation network started today! Order now!

The D-Link DWL-G630 wireless laptop adapter features 802.11g and 802.11b compatibility with WEP, WPA and 802.1x. This wireless laptop adapter provides high levels of wireless security for all your needs.

Compaq Power Cord AC 6 FT US

USB 2.0 mini card reader read SD, MMC, RS-MMC, T-FLASH cards. 7-in-1 Multi-Card Reader Model HR1-27 USB 2.0 Interface High speed

Everything included with this basic beige and brown laptop tote from Nunzia. You can carry everything in one bag, whether work or play, this bag will make your day. The Siena designer bag will hold your notebook computer, laptop, pen tablet, or one really large PDA, along with all of your makeup and accessories. It's a fashion handbag that is part briefcase - part purse, carrying your business documents as well as your cosmetics.

The ViewSonic GS790 Short Neck 19-inch monitor provides creative flexibility and innovative features that maximize office options. It features an 18-inch diagonal viewable screen with a small footprint to take up less of your valuable desk surface. Plus, horizontal or vertical viewing angles permit multiple users to see the screen without having to sit directly in front of the monitor. It's ideal for CAD/CAM designers and graphics professionals, or for any office that needs the advantages of a large screen on a limited desktop workspace.The ViewSonic GS790 features a 0.22-millimeter superfine dot pitch and a maximum flicker-free resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 dpi at a refresh rate of 76 Hz, delivering sharp images. It spotlights practical up-front controls

Tailored for everyday business use, the Mitsubishi Diamond Scan 50M 15-inch monitor (13.8 inches viewable) provides the stunning image quality to satisfy even demanding graphics needs on an average-size screen. The monitor's 0.28-millimeter dot pitch and 1,280 x 1,024 maximum resolution help to make scanned photos and Web-based images appear crisp and lifelike. A refresh rate of 60 Hz at the highest resolution (maximum of 100 Hz at lower resolution) guarantees minimal visible flicker while preserving details and clarity for high-end graphics. The Diamond Scan's technology is designed for the grind of daily use, but its quality images are a rare joy for the eyes.Utilizing microprocessor-based controls, the Diamond Scan 50M's onscreen display lets you set the contrast, geometry, brightness, color, and color temperature. High-resolution images remain sharp and clear in a variety of lighting conditions, thanks to the high-contrast, antiglare, antistatic CRT coating.The Mitsubishi Diamond Scan offers a complete multimedia experience, thanks to its included audio amplifier, two 3-watt front-firing speakers integrated with the bezel, and a headphone jack. It's also user friendly and compatible with both PC and Macintosh systems.  (Although not included with the monitor, an optional Macintosh adapter is free and made easily available through Mitsubishi.)The monitor includes a three-year limited warranty on parts and labor.

Seagate's Barracuda ATA V with Serial ATA Interface leverages the mechanics of the industry's quietest 7200 rpm desktop drive. The Barracuda ATA V offers 80 GB and 120 GB capacities with an 8 MB cache for mainstream, high performance PCs, and entry-level servers. The product features all FDB motors, superior reliability and the next generation interface - Serial ATA. The SATA Barracuda includes Seagate's exclusive 3-D Defense System and a one-year limited warranty.    Features Benefits   7,200 RPM desktop performance 350 Gs nonoperating shock 3-D Defense System DiscWizard software SoftSonic () FDB motor 8-Mbyte cache buffer Serial ATA interface  Distinctions   Best-in-class nonoperating shock for excellent reliability  Best combination of performance, acoustics and robustness  2.5 bels idle acoustics - the industry's best  Platform based on the highly reliable Barracuda ATA IV disc drive  3-D Defense System for world's best drive and data protection  SoftSonic FDB motor on every drive	80GB capacity / Serial ATA  connectivity for data transfers to 150 Mbps / 8MB cache / 9.4ms seek time / 7200 RPM spindle speed

Bring together your computing and entertainment worlds in one package and control it all with one remote with the Sony VAIO VGX-XL1 Digital Living System, which combines a high-end multimedia desktop PC and a 200-disc DVD/CD changer/recorder. Both are designed to fit into a home entertainment rack and the elegant silver and black casings will nicely complement the rest of your home entertainment system. With the VGX-XL1, you can manage all your downloaded digital content--such as music online stores, home movies from your camcorder, and photos from your digital camera--but it offers the added ability to easily organize, sort, and access packaged content from the CDs and DVDs that are sitting on your bookshelves.  The desktop PC portion of the VGX-XL1 is powered by Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 (Update Rollup 2), which provides support for Media Center Extender technology built into XBox 360 game consoles, and a robust 2.8 GHz Intel Pentium D dual-core processor for powering through multiple applications simultaneously and without stress. Other PC features include 512 MB of installed DDR-2 RAM (2 GB maximum), 200 GB hard drive (with room for up to three SATA hard drives (RAID 0 ready), an NVidia GeForce 6200 video processor with 64 MB of dedicated video RAM, CD-RW/DVD-ROM combo drive, 54g Wi-Fi LAN, built-in TV tuner, multi-format memory card reader compatible with the most popular digital camera formats, and a wide assortment of pre-loaded Sony multimedia software titles. The 200-disc changer/recorder features multiformat DVD and CD burning capability with dual-layer DVD+R support.  Multimedia Features With the XL1 Digital Living system, you can consolidate your music library by backing up your music CDs to your hard drive to be stored along with all of your downloaded music. With the touch of a few buttons, you can automatically and sequentially record up to 200 audio CDs from the media changer to the hard drive along with available album covers and track information. You can also record a series of television show episodes to the hard drive and easily transfer them to blank DVDs stored in the changer. The system alerts you to how many discs are needed and you can burn a whole season of your favorite TV program to DVDs to take on your next road trip.   Discs inserted into the 200-disc changer/recorder are automatically detected by the PC which downloads (over a wired or wireless network) available metadata on each one, including jewel case covers and artist information. For movies, an in-depth synopsis is also downloaded in addition to the star, director, producer details and more. All of this information is easily sorted and accessed using the included wireless keyboard or remote control.   Sony's SonicStage Mastering Studio software allows you to record music off of vinyl or tapes by utilizing the Studio's 24bit/96kHz processing technology, producing crisp digital quality sound. Also included are four different effects that allow you to enhance the sounds in the original recordings or to add new effects for remixing. Sony's DVgate Plus software allows you to import video footage from several sources and edit it, giving you the freedom to create your own video masterpiece.  Desktop Basics  Hard Drive

If you need a business desktop with a fast processor, this Compaq Deskpro EX MT model, with its 1.4 GHz Pentium 4 CPU, might be the right choice. In addition to its relatively fast chip, the system includes an nVidia TNT2 Pro graphics card and 128 MB of memory (expandable to 1 GB). For storage there's a 20 GB hard disk drive and 48x CD-ROM drive. The system also includes 100 Mbps Ethernet support. Windows 2000 is installed to ensure business users have the stability and security they need.	Compaq Deskpro EX MT P4-1.4GHZ 20GB 128MB 48X NVIDIA NIC W2K

Apples speedy, affordable Power Mac G4 roster is capably headed by the futuristically styled and appointed M8841LL/A Power Mac. If you require the ultimate in power or simply enjoy being on the cutting edge of computer technology, the M8841LL/A Power Mac is well worth your consideration. Driving this impressive unit are not one but two PowerPC G4 processors, each running at a speed of 1.42 GHz. Although this clock rating may seem low compared with the latest Pentiums, consider that each features an enormous 2 MB of DDR SDRAM Level 3 cache. With 4 MB of fast-access L3 cache, a dual-processor configuration, and 512 MB of fast 333 MHz PC2700 DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to a full 2 GB), the M8841LL/A Power Mac is an extraordinarily fast desktop machine. The one potentially weak link is the systems graphics card, a 64 MB ATI Radeon 9000 Pro that will easily handle most applications but wont smoothly render the latest 3-D games. Serious gamers may want to upgrade. The unit features a variety of data storage and transfer options, including a massive 120 GB hard disk and a DVD-R/CD-RW SuperDrive, through which you can burn and store home movies, record and play audio CDs, and back up important files. Other desirable amenities include one high-speed FireWire 800 port (twice as fast as USB 2.0 for ultrafast interaction with external peripherals such as digital camcorders), two standard FireWire ports, four USB ports, and an Apple Pro keyboard with 15 programmable function keys. Wired connectivity is available through an internal 56K modem and built-in 10/100/1000Base-T Ethernet interface. Wireless LAN and Internet support is offered via an AirPort Extreme card expansion slot. The M8841LL/A system includes just a single speaker and no display screen, but offers provisions for any level of audio-video configurations.	Apple Computer PowerMac G4-867MHZ 128MB 60GB SUPERDRIVE-CDRW/DVDR GB ENET 56K

Designed to maximize performance while minimizing expense, the HP Pavilion ze4210 Notebook PC is a solid entry-level notebook that's ready to efficiently handle most typical light- to medium-duty portable computing tasks. If price is your most critical parameter and you can do without the latest high-end amenities, the HP Pavilion ze4210 should warrant serious consideration. Running at 1.6 GHz, the unit's Intel Pentium Celeron CPU is the heart of a cost-efficient processing engine that also includes an acceptable 256 DDR SDRAM (expandable to 1024 MB) and an ATI Mobility Radeon graphics controller with 64 MB shared (not dedicated) video memory. You definitely won't want to rely on this system for 3-D gaming, graphics design or heavy-duty business applications, but it will suffice nicely for basic duties such as contact management, word processing, email communications, spreadsheets and the like. The Pavilion ze4210 features an smallish 20 GB hard disk on which to store your programs and files, and a DVD drive through which you can play audio CDs and watch the latest movies. CD and DVD burning are not supported in this stock configuration. The unit's 15-inch XGA TFT display will convey crisp, clean images to a maximum 1024x768 resolution, and its 16-bit Sound Blaster Pro-compatible audio chipset and integrated Altec-Lansing speakers deliver satisfying mobile sound. Controlling the Pavilion ze4210 is a snap. The unit features a full-size 88-key keyboard with embedded numeric keypad, a Touch Pad with on/off button, and a dedicated vertical scroll up/down pad. Other amenities include two USB 1.1 ports for plug and play peripherals, a parallel port, serial port, VGA and TV outs, a 56K modem for low-speed e-communication, and integrated 10/100BASE-T Ethernet LAN for fast networking. The system does not offer wireless communication or high-speed USB 2.0 or FireWire connections.   HP has fitted the Pavilion ze4210 with an 8-cell Lithium-Ion battery. Pre-installed software includes Windows XP Home Edition, Corel Productivity Pack (WordPerfect 10, Quattro Pro 10), Intuit Quicken New Users Edition 2002, and an assorent of multimedia utilities.

ThinkPad A-series notebooks may be a little bit bigger and beefier than their T-series cousins, but they're less pricey, too. In any case, the A22M undeniably makes for an appealing desktop-replacement or entertainment notebook. Its features start with a 1 GHz Pentium III chip, 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), and 14.1-inch active-matrix screen with 1,024 x 768 resolution. Storage comes in the form of a sizable 30 GB hard disk drive and 8x DVD-ROM drive. Ethernet networking and a 56K modem are standard, too. While the installed Windows 98 operating system is better suited to consumer than business use, the notebook does come with Lotus SmartSuite for office productivity tasks when the time comes to tear yourself away from watching DVD movies.	IBM Thinkpad A22M P3-1GHZ 30GB 128MB 98 14.1-XGA DVD ENET INTEL 56

Is your heart set on a multimedia-ready mobile computer offering a hard-charging processor, sublime graphics, rich stereo sound with built-in subwoofer, and a large ultra-high-resolution display, all in a compact package? The Toshiba Satellite 5205-S703 notebook PC delivers. A 2 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor-M provides premium computing power across a broad range of productivity and multimedia software. The notebooks 512 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 512 KB of L2 cache smoothly run multiple applications simultaneously. A 60 GB hard drive offers cavernous data and multimedia content storage. A multifunction DVD/CD-RW drive lets you watch movies, and listen to and record music and back up data on CD. Sound from the notebooks built-in Harman Kardon stereo speakers with subwoofer is enhanced by 3-D sound support with HRTF 3-D positional audio, Direct 3-D sound, and hardware acceleration for DirectSound and DirectMusic. The 5205-S703 includes a 15-inch UXGA active-matrix display that, coupled with an NVIDIA GeForce4 460 Go graphics controller and 64MB 250MHz DDR external video memory, supports up to 16 million colors at 1600 X 1200 resolution. The 7.1-pound, 12.9-by-11.6-by-1.8-inch 5205-S703 includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet interface with RJ-45 LAN port and built-in 56K V.92 modem with RJ-11 connector. Other ports include three USB 2.0 interfaces, a TV-out interface, a FireWire interface, and a secure digital card slot. A 32-bit CardBus-ready PC Card slot supports one Type II card. The notebook includes a Toshiba remote control device with power on/shutdown, CD/DVD/digital audio play control, volume control, keyboard emulation, task change, maximize window, and a TV button. The 5205-S703s keyboard includes 85 full-size keys with 12 function keys. Installed software includes Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, InterVideo WinDVD, Norton AntiVirus 2002, and Adobe Acrobat Reader.

Take a closer look at this HP 540N desktop PC and youM-^Rll find it has all the speed and power you need to take care of all your home office needs. It comes equipped with a 1.5GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 40GB UltraDMA hard drive and 256MB PC2100 DDR SDRAM. All that adds up to plenty of power to create CDs with the CD-RW drive, cruise the Internet with the V.90 modem, or network with the ultra fast 10/100 Base-T Ethernet. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY

If youre a student, home user, or business owner shopping for a mobile computer that enables you to work and play with ease and convenience, the Toshiba Satellite 1405-S171 notebook PC offers a strong mix of features without busting your budget. A 1.5 GHz Mobile Intel Celeron processor cranks out enough computing power to run a broad range of productivity and multimedia software. The notebooks 256 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 256 KB of L2 cache smoothly run several applications simultaneously. A 30 GB hard drive offers generous storage capacity. The 1405-S171s 15-inch TFT active-matrix display, coupled with an S3 Super Savage graphics controller with 16 MB of internal video memory, delivers up to 16 million colors at 1,024 x 768 resolution for superb visuals. The notebook includes built-in stereo speakers and 3-D sound support with HRTF 3-D positional audio and Direct 3-D sound. A combination DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive makes it easy and convenient to view movies, listen to and create audio CDs, and rapidly back up data. The 7.8-pound, 12.8-by-11.2-by-1.7-inch 1405-S171 includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet interface with RJ-45 LAN port and built-in 56K V.90 modem with RJ-11 connector. Wireless options include an 802.11b wireless LAN via an integrated Mini PCI card or a Wi-Fi PC Card. The notebook offers three USB interfaces, an ECP parallel printer port, an RGB monitor port, an infrared port, and a TV-out interface. It accommodates two Type II or one Type III 32-bit, CardBus-ready PC Cards. The 1405-S171 offers an 85-button keyboard with full-size keys, a touchpad pointing device, and CD controls. It features up to three hours of battery life. Bundled software includes Windows XP Home Edition, Lotus SmartSuite ME, Quicken Basic 2001, Norton AntiVirus 2002, and Adobe Acrobat Reader.

Compaq's Presario 900US notebook PC makes no compromises. This super-fast system includes a huge 15-inch display, a DVD/CD-RW drive, and IEEE 1394 (FireWire) support so you can edit your own movies. All of this power comes at a surprisingly low price, making it ideal for families and students who want advanced features but don't want to break the bank. Measuring 1.5 by 12.8 by 10.6 inches and weighing 6.69 pounds, this Presario is relatively light for a notebook that sports such a large TFT screen and includes a built-in floppy drive. ATI's Mobility Radeon drives the display at 1,024 x 768 resolution, offering enough graphics horsepower for the latest 3-D games. The 900US also includes video-out so you can play games, do presentations, or watch DVDs on your TV, and a VGA connector supporting a desktop monitor at resolutions up to 1,600 x 1,200. AMD's Mobile Athlon 1700+ (1.47 GHz) processor and 256 MB of DDR SDRAM give this system enough speed to handle any application, from word processing to video conferencing to video editing. The DVD/CD-RW combo drive lets you play DVD movies and burn your own CDs, and integrated JBL Pro Audio speakers with Bass Reflex deliver high-quality stereo sound for watching movies or listening to music. The large 30 GB hard drive offers plenty of space for storing video, music, or applications. The Presario offers every type of connectivity you'll need, including a FireWire port for connecting to DV video cameras and external drives. Combined with a compatible video camera, this turns the Presario into a video editing workstation. In addition, the system includes a 10/100 Ethernet adapter, a 56K modem, two USB ports, a parallel port, and a high-speed infrared port. The system's keyboard section features a standard 88-key layout and a touch pad for cursor control. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, a one-year subscription to the Encarta Online Encyclopedia, Roxio's EZ CD Creator, and Norton AntiVirus 2002.

WLS-G RTR W/ 2 PHONE PTS

The Sony Vaio PCV-RS100 desktop is not the fastest PC on the market. It is, however, a strong multimedia performer. Packed with all the tools you need for making movies, music, or videos, the Vaio PCV-RS100 "Digital Studio" should warrant serious consideration from budget-conscious, home-based directors and producers. Driven by a 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 256 MB of PC-100 DDR memory, and an integrated 64 MB Intel 845GL Extreme Graphics chipset, the system delivers satisfactory power. It is not recommended for heavy-duty multitasking or high-end 3-D games and drawing packages, but should quite easily handle most typical desktop applications, including multimedia. In this regard, Sony has equipped the Vaio PCV-RS100 with a sizable 60 GB Ultra ATA/100 hard disk and a convenient DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive information, watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters, and create your own DVDs. To ensure fast interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders and cameras, scanners, and external drives, the system also features four high-speed USB 2.0 ports and front- and rear-mounted IEEE 1394 FireWire connectors. The Vaio PCV-RS100 features numerous other amenities, including a VGA monitor port, two PS/2 ports, a pair of freestanding stereo speakers, a user-friendly Vaio Smart keyboard, and a PS/2 wheel mouse. Sony has not included a monitor, allowing you to use your current display or select from the many available alternatives. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Corel WordPerfect Office 2002, Intuit Quicken 2003, and a small assortment of midlevel multimedia utilities.

Everything you need to create the perfect pet!Tutorials help you perfect your Aspiration scoreDiscover the keys to developing your pets behaviorTables and charts detail all new available objects and their individual modifiersLearn strategies to make the new "Genetic System" for specific pet breedingFormat

Jump into tomorrow with the ultra-lightweight--just 2.3 pounds--Toshiba Portege R100 notebook PC. The sleek magnesium case combines a sleek, modern look with the structural strength to withstand the rigors of life on the go. It also offers incredible ergonomic design with its full-sized keyboard and bright 12.1-inch poly-silicon TFT display. The Portege R100 offers Intel Centrino mobile technology--with a 1.0 GHz Pentium M processor--which provides you 54g wireless connectivity and extended battery life. Other features  The Basics  Hard Drive

The attractive alligator grain exterior makes this a stylish set. Includes

How much speed do you need? If power and topnotch performance are what you crave, check out the Compaq Presario 6024US desktop. As a member of Compaq's cost-efficient 6000 series, the 6024US does not include speakers or a monitor, thus allowing you to customize the configuration of your own audio-video setup. It does, however, have everything else to make even your most taxing programs take flight. From the ground up, the 6024US is built to impress. The unit is driven by a muscular 1.8 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with 32 KB of Level 1 pipeline burst cache, 256 KB of Level 2 pipeline burst cache and a 400 MHz system bus speed. Graphic processing is handled by a robust 64 MB nVidia GeForce2 MX200, and system memory is preconfigured at a massive 512 MB of 266 MHz DDR DRAM (expandable to 1 full gigabyte). Make no mistake--this is a seriously powerful machine for seriously demanding users. Yet for all its hot-rod speed, the 6024US is also plenty roomy. Compaq has included a massive 80 GB hard drive for long-term storage and program installs, and a 3.5-inch diskette drive for smaller files and quick backups. It has installed a superfast 24-speed (write) CD-RW drive to make quick work of any data or audio recording, and a 16-speed DVD drive for error-free viewing of your favorite movies. And if you ever do want to add another drive, the unit's spare expansion bay is ready to accommodate.  The 6024US is convenient, too. Its 23.8-pound enclosure features a variety of input and output connections, including four USB ports, a parallel and serial port, line-in and line-out audio ports, a microphone-in jack and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet port for LAN connectivity and high-speed Internet browsing. Its 56K modem delivers low-speed Internet and e-mail support for those who prefer to surf at a more leisurely pace, and its keyboard offers a number of one-touch multimedia, e-mail, and Web buttons to help streamline day-to-day computing tasks. Installed software includes the Home Edition of the Windows XP operating system, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken Financial Center/Quicken New User Edition and Intervideo's WinDVD movie player. Certainly not for computer users on a budget or those who'd rather not supply a separate monitor and speaker system, the Compaq Presario is nevertheless an extremely capable machine for virtually any 2-D and 3-D application.	Compaq PRESARIO 6023 P4-1.7GHZ 512MB 80GB 16X DVD 24X CDRW 56K

The Compaq Evo family of business computing solutions is changing the way PCs look and simplifying how they are deployed and managed in demanding networked environments. The Evo sub-brand stands for a family of corporate computing solutions that enables customers' use of technology to evolve on their terms and on their timetable. Evo PCs and solutions are easy to deploy and manage, while being innovative and flexible enough to meet the evolving needs of corporate customers. Evo family includes all Compaq corporate desktop, notebook, workstation, and thin client products. In addition to the new name, their identity includes a cool, new industrial design in carbon and silver - promoting commonality and a family association across the product line. Compaq Evo Notebook N400c is the distinctive ultra-portable with extraordinary capabilities. It features innovative integrated MultiPort for the next generation of options, including wireless mobility and non-wireless connectivity. Groundbreaking characteristics combine to simplify the highly mobile professional's computing experience, making the Evo Notebook N400c the ideal traveling companion wherever work may take you.

If you're looking to move on from a teeny-tiny 15-inch monitor, consider upgrading to the NEC AccuSync90 as money well spent. In addition to the mammoth 18-inch viewable screen size, the footprint of the AccuSync90 almost equals the footprint of a 17-inch monitor--sure to save plenty of precious desk space. At a dot pitch of 0.26 millimeter, this shadow mask CRT presents a fine display. It isn't the sharpest of monitors, but text and images are clear and detailed. At higher resolutions, however, we found that smaller font sizes become nearly illegible. We also noticed some ghosting near the edges of the monitor. Still, there's a lot to like about the AccuSync90. Colors are rich and deep, contrast controls are strong, and the screen is surprisingly flat for a shadow mask CRT. With a maximum resolution of 1,600 x 1,200 at 76Hz, the AccuSync90 is no slouch, and at the recommended resolution of 1,280x1,024 at 89Hz, eyestrain is certain to be a thing of the past. The AccuSync90 is a well-rounded monitor that should appeal to consumers on a budget. High-end graphics users might want to shy away from the AccuSync90's dull image quality, but for general business applications, the AccuSync90 should fill the bill nicely. --Dan Simpson  Pros

This PDA holder fits folio size (8-1/2" x 11" page size), desk size (5-1/2" x 8-1/2" page size) or portable size (3-3/4" x 6-3/4" page size). Attaches to binder.

The HP Pavilion a1720n comes loaded with the all tools you need to easily create, manage, share, and enjoy your digital photos, home videos, movies, and music. You can easily burn your home video productions to DVD for friends and family with the dual-layer, multi-format DVD/CD burner, which enables you to store up to 8.5 GB of data on a DL disc and provides a super-fast 16x DVD+R/-R write speed. It also includes LightScribe technology for personalized silkscreen-quality, laser-etched CD/DVD labels created right in the drive.   This desktop is powered by the 1.86 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo E6300 dual-core processor, which provides an optimized, multithreaded architecture for improved gaming and multitasking performance, and it features a 1.86 GHz speed, an amazing 1066 MHz system bus, and large 2 MB L2 cache. Store more music, videos, and data on the very roomy 320 GB Serial ATA hard drive, which offers fast transfer rates. It also comes loaded with 1 GB of RAM (which can be bumped up to 4 GB), an integrated Intel GMA 950 video/graphics card with 32 MB of dedicated video RAM (and up to 224 MB shared with system memory), a wide variety of connection ports on both the front and rear of the box, and a 9-in-1 memory card reader that's compatible with today's most popular digital camera formats.  It comes preinstalled with Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium, which includes all of the Windows Media Center capabilities for turning your PC into an all-in-one home entertainment center. In addition to easily playing your DVD movies and managing your digital audio library, you'll be able to record and watch your favorite TV shows (even HDTV). Vista also integrates new search tools throughout the operating system, includes new parental control features, and offers new tools that can warn you of impending hardware failures.  The Basics  Processor

Whether you're looking for a desktop for business or home, hobby, and family use, the Sony Vaio PCV-RX540 holds a lot of appeal. Its price is lower than average for desktops as a whole and among similarly rated products. The product includes a 1.2 GHz Celeron CPU, 256 MB of memory (expandable to 512 MB), 60 GB hard disk, and dual 40x (read), 16x (write), 10x (read) CD-RW and 16x DVD-ROM drives, as well as an Intel 815E internal AGP graphics card, 56K modem, and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network card. The installed operating system is Windows XP Home Edition, which combines the stability of Windows 2000 with better support for peripherals and games plus a new user interface.	Sony brings performance and multimedia action within your reach with this PCVRX540 desktop. It has all you need to get the most out of your high-speed games and applications with a 1.2GHz Intel Celeron processor, Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating software, 256MB SDRAM, 60GB Ultra ATA/66 hard drive and features like dual CD-RW and DVD-ROM drives, front access i.LINK and USB ports and a built-in Ethernet interface to make it all happen. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY.

Copperhead Mouse Tempest Blue. World's first 2000 DPI Laser Gaming Mouse. 1000hz/1ms response USB Mouse.

Memorex 1971 25PK CD/DVD KEEPERS COLOR   CASE POLYPROPYLENE

Apple Computer POWERBOOK G4-800 MHZ 40GB 512MB 15.2 WIDE CDRW/DVD GB ENET FIREWIRE AirPort Card

This ingenious kit allows you to remotely control any 12 Volt DC device. Perfect for controlling any 12V devices such as Lights , Fans, Landscaping Lighting and more. The kit includes one 12 Volt DC remote relay switch receiver, and two automotive quality key for transmitters. This easy-to- wire kit is perfect for anybody with a basic knowledge of electrical wiring, and can easily be wired to many 12V applications. For PC Modders, the end of result of the Remote Control 12VDC kit are truly impressive and are sure to ooh and ah the crowd. For DIYers, the kit will give some magical effect to your projects.

This 501n desktop PC from HP is ready to take on the challenge of both your work and play. With a 1.2GHz Intel CeleronM-^Y processor, 40GB UltraDMA hard drive, and 125MB SDRAM, it gives you the freedom to cruise the Internet with the V.90 modem, listen to your favorite CD in the CD-ROM drive, and play your favorite games. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY

Bogen LINE INPUT-600 OHMS WITH MATCHING TRANSFORMER WMT1A 1155

With Dekcell CPA-1040 USB dual action GamePad, its comfortable grip gives you the precision you need, whether you're going for the tackle, the kill, the gold, or the finish line. Features four triggers, 6 action buttons, and an 8-way D-pad.USB Plug and Play. 12 programmable buttons familiar button layout. 8-way D-pad is precise and easy to use. 2 analog mini joysticks with programmable stick buttons for more precise control. 4 trigger buttons comfortable grip.

The impressive MX is Sony's ambitious solution for the person who wants one system that does it all. Whether you want to watch and record TV shows, burn and listen to DVD and CDs, listen to FM radio, or edit digital images, the MX does it all, plus of course the typical things you'd do with your high-end computer.Our first impression of the Sony MX was of how small it was considering everything it does. All its components came in a compact, approximately 2-by-2-foot box. Inside were smaller boxes that held the various cables, the keyboard, mouse, handy remote control, case, and the two speakers. The minitower case was an appealing shiny gray and light purple color, which matched the speakers and created an attractive system. Within 10 minutes we had the basic computer set up. When we pushed the power button, the display on the front of the case glowed with a techie-looking green light, showing a marquee of the Sony Vaio brand. The computer comes loaded with Windows XP Home Edition, so we also had to perform the initial setup of that software, but from there we were ready to fully explore the MX. One of its coolest features is a personal video recorder. Similar to other digital recording systems, this device stores television programs on the MX's hard drive. Just plug your TV into the back of the computer and you can start recording and watching TV shows. You can also download episode information from the Web, so you can plan your recordings. You can even transfer information from the personal video recorder to a DVD disc, or to a Memory Stick so you can view them on your camcorder. For the audiophiles out there, Sony includes two large speakers, which provided solid sound quality that made the most of the Vaio's 20-watt power capabilities. To reduce interference noise, Sony has separated the internal sound board from the PC motherboard and has used fully digital signal paths to achieve the highest clarity of signal transmission. The result is a sharp, clean audio experience that sacrifices little on the bass end. While the two-way speaker system is more than adequate when using the Vaio as a PC or for gaming, we felt that TV or DVD viewing would be greatly enhanced by connecting to a surround receiver/speaker system through the unit's digital optical ports.Also loaded on the computer is a variety of different Sony and third-party software that further enhances the MX's versatility. This software controls the tuning of the radio and the personal video recorder and enables you to edit your digital images, burn and label CD and DVD discs, and edit your digital home movies. The list goes on and on. And we had no trouble figuring out the basic usage of these programs; they were all quite user friendly.The one major negative with the system is that there aren't a lot of expansion capabilities. About the only thing you can add to this machine is another hard drive. But then, there isn't a lot that the MX needs. The mouse, while serviceable, was a two-button ball mouse with a wheel. We would have liked to see an optical mouse with such a state-of-the-art system.The Sony MX is a lot of machine to test, but it seems to be everything it claims to be--a digital entertainment system extraordinaire. --Patricia Atherly and Ed NoblePros

1500' rangePage or talk at any locationLock button provides continuous communicationCompatible with all Westinghouse intercomsIncludes 2 units

With a quantum leap in processing power, ultraefficient system  architecture, next-generation 3-D graphics, the revolutionary  DVD-R/CD-RW-burning SuperDrive, and Mac OS X, the dual 1 GHz Power Mac G4 is  designed to put your workflow into fast forward. The dual 1 GHz PowerPC G4 processors--with a combined performance of 15 billion  floating point operations per second, or 15 gigaflops--put this fearsomely fast  Power Mac squarely in the lead as the ultimate high-end graphics workstation.  The first Power Mac to blast through the 1 GHz barrier, the new twin-engined G4  runs professional applications like Adobe Photoshop up to 72 percent faster--and  crunches digital video over 300 percent faster--than a 2 GHz Pentium 4-based  PC. The system's graphics performance is off the charts, with hot new graphics  processors and dual display support. The nVidia GeForce4 MX delivers riveting  effects, with fluid motion and photorealistic 3-D images. The GeForce4 MX, a  phenomenal graphics processor with 64 MB of on-chip Double Data Rate (DDR)  memory, pumps out 1.1 billion textured pixels per second to kick your projects  into overdrive. The Apple Display Connector (ADC) makes it a snap to connect your Power Mac to  your choice of three brilliant displays. Combine it with the  15-inch or  17-inch Apple Studio Display, or  the gorgeous 22-inch Apple  Cinema Display, and you'll have the perfect environment for creative  professionals. Faster-than-light processor speed gets an additional boost with an advanced  cache memory architecture that provides ultrafast, dedicated memory with  massively enhanced throughput. Accessing data from main memory is significantly  faster than accessing data from the hard drive, and in these two models the  system architecture takes this concept one step further with an even faster  level of memory called L3 cache. The L3 cache uses 2 MB of high-speed DDR SDRAM  running at up to 500 MHz--boosting processor function by providing fast access  to data and application code at speeds of up to 4 gigabytes per second  (GBps). You also get the benefit of built-in Gigabit Ethernet for shooting large files  across your LAN at previously unheard-of speeds, a 56K modem, an AirPort Card  slot, two 400 Mbps FireWire ports, and four USB ports (two on the computer, two  on the keyboard). Incidentally, FireWire, PCI expansion (four full-length,  64-bit, 33 MHz PCI slots with 215 Mbps throughput), and Gigabit Ethernet are  integrated directly into the main system controller, reducing latencies and  providing superior I/O performance. This Power Mac comes with an 80 GB, 7,200-rpm Ultra ATA hard disk drive and  three 3.5-inch hard disk drive expansion bays--with support for up to two  internal ATA drives, three internal SCSI drives, or a combination of two ATA  drives and one SCSI drive for a total of 232 GB of internal storage. And since  the SuperDrive-equipped Power Mac comes with iDVD 2, you can burn data CDs and  DVDs--with point-and-click ease--to archive your work minutes after you take  your new system out of its box. With up to 4.7 GB of storage capacity on a  single optical disk, this Power Mac will never run out of space for your  ideas. The 108-key Apple Pro keyboard features full-size cursor keys for those times  when you want to zip up, down, and sideways to race through image retouching  tasks, change direction in games, or jump from place to place in a document. It  also gives you 15 full-size programmable function keys, so you can assign a  single keystroke to quickly launch a favorite application, execute a command, or  open a particular project file. The Apple Pro keyboard also comes with full-size  keys for Page Up and Down, Home and End, Insert and forward Delete, plus a  convenient Eject key for ejecting CDs or DVDs.

Original packaging and is in excellent working condition. Much better than Stock Intel Fan.

The Sony Vaio PCG-GRX580P notebook PC combines serious power, true mobility, ultimate style with high-end graphics programs and an amazing gigantic screen for stellar presentations. It offers a 1.7 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor and an amazing 16.1-inch UXGA screen for outstanding viewing of your digital images has ultra high-resolution and dual display support. Other features include a 40 GB hard drive, 512 MB of installed RAM, and a DVD-ROM/CD-RW combo drive.  The Basics  Hard Drive

With a 1.3 GHz Pentium 4 processor and plenty of features geared towards business use, this Compaq desktop can handle most everyday tasks admirably. In addition to its relatively fast chip, the system includes an nVidia TNT2 Pro graphics card and 128 MB of memory (expandable to 1 GB). For storage there's a 20 GB hard disk drive and 48x CD-ROM drive. The system also includes 100 Mbps Ethernet support. Windows 2000 is installed to ensure business users have the stability and security they need.	Compaq Deskpro EX MT P4-1.3GHZ 20GB 128MB 48X NVIDIA NIC W2K

IBM NETVISTA M41 P4-2.0GHZ 256MB 40GB XPP 48X ENET AGP4

Whether you're looking for a notebook for businesses, a lightweight notebook, or a substitute for a desktop system, the IBM ThinkPad T22 holds a lot of appeal--if you don't mind its relatively high price. The notebook comes with a 900 MHz Pentium III processor, 128 MB RAM (expandable to 512 MB), and a 14.1-inch, active-matrix screen with 1,024 x 768 resolution. Storage is a 20 GB hard disk drive and an 8x DVD-ROM. This model includes a 56K modem but no built-in networking, though of course you can always add a PC Card Ethernet adapter. The system comes with Windows 2000, as befits a business-oriented notebook, as well as a license for Lotus SmartSuite.	IBM Thinkpad T22 P3-900 20GB 128MB W2K 14-XGA DVD 56K

The three-piece BXR1121 system features the most power in its class. It lets you enhance your listening enjoyment and get the full spectrum of sound. Two separate satellite speakers improve perception of both gaming action and Stereo recordings. The ported wood Subwoofer adds a new level in gaming realism. Treble and Bass controls and AUX Input are built in. MP3 player cradle included. Quality stereo Gaming, Music or moviesyour PC will come alive

Now you can watch, pause and automatically record your favorite shows and sporting events in HDTV with this USB TV tuner and popular PVR software such as BeyondTV, SageTV Meedio TV, and Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005. Turn your home computer into a HDTV digital PVR with no monthly subscription costs. The VBox Cats Eye USB is a HDTV - ATSC tuner that receives the highest quality digital television transmissions allowing you to utilize all the PVR power of BeyondTV, SageTV, Meedio TV, and MCE. The Cats Eye USB ships with a set of advanced BDA drivers, allowing it to reliably work with several top quality PVR programs. Simply attach the antenna to the tuner box and plug the supplied USB cord into the computer. This top quality tuner locks on to even weak signals. Enjoy the dazzling beauty of free HDTV Movies, Shows and Sports that are available today without cable subscription costs.  Automatically time shift your viewing to the times most convenient for you. Watch the SuperBowl and the World Series like you've never seen them before.  Compact design -  Mounts horizontally or vertically   RF Input -  Coaxial IEC 75 female   RF Loop Through -  Coaxial IEC 75 male   RF Input Impedance -  75 OHm   Reception Frequency -  55.25 MHz to 859.25 MHz   Channel Bandwidth -  6 MHz   Input Sensitivity -  Min. 84dBm   Dynamic Range -  More than 82 dB   White Noise Threshold of Errors -  Less than 15.3 dB   AGC Speed -  More than 600H   Interface Protocol -  USB 2.0 compliant up to 480 Mbps   ATSC digital 8VSB and 16VSB   Decoding -  Reed - Solomon   Reed Solomon Outer Code -  (207, 187)   Power Supply -  5V DC (From USB), 2.5 W max   USB-B receptacle   RF  F' type female   System Requirements -  Microsoft Windows XP, Home, Pro, MCE, USB 2.0 socket, Antenna with coaxial cable ending in F connector, Application software such as Microsoft MCE, Pre-installed MCE 2005 Certified Analog TV Tuner Card, Graphics card per XP-MCE require

Designed for today's business traveller, the LaCie PocketDrive product family offers an ideal solution for data exchange, backup and archiving on the road. The slender, compact drives are easy to carry and feature a silicon bumper for maximum shock protection. Using U technology developed by LaCie, the PocketDrive and PocketCD-RW drives provide both USB 2.0 and FireWire (IEEE 1394) interfaces in one drive. With two FireWire ports and one USB port, you can connect and disconnect any of the PocketDrives while the computer is running with immediate device recognition. Now, U technology from LaCie includes the new USB 2.0 standard, which boasts blazing speeds that are forty times faster than USB 1.1. It weighs just 12 1/2 ounces, yet this lightweight hard drive can easily store heavy graphic, audio and video files, and perform complete backups of most systems. Made of sturdy metal and surrounded by a silicon shock-resistant bumper, the PocketDrive provides reliable data protection. U technology allows the LaCie PocketDrive to be connected and disconnected while the computer is running with immediate device recognition. PC and Macintosh compatible, the PocketDrive comes complete with USB 2.0 and FireWire cables, AC power adapter, and LaCie's Silverlining Pro drive management software. The PocketDrive USB 2.0 delivers all the features and performance of the PocketDrive U, except FireWire connectivity. This streamlined offer allows a more aggressive value without compromising performance for those not requiring FireWire. Speedy USB 2.0 interfaces delivers blazing transfer rates of up to 480 Mbps, while maintaining backward compatibility with USB 1.1 devices. The PocketDrive USB 2.0 comes equipped with the same rugged bumper guard, and and also includes USB 2.0 cable, AC power adapter, and Silverlining Pro software. This slender CD rewritable drive makes life easy for creatives on the go. Use it to back up your work while travelling, share information with clients and the home office, or simply free up valuable desk space. Now, LaCie's U technology includes the new USB 2.0 standard, offering faster transfer speeds and convenient compatibility. Hot swappable and compatible with both Mac and PC, the Pocket CD-RW comes complete with USB 2.0 and FireWire (IEEE 1394) cables, AC power adapter, and LaCie's Recording Utilities software featuring Toast for Macintosh and DirectCD and EasyCD Creator for Windows.

As a business or desktop-replacement notebook, IBM's ThinkPad A22M offers plenty of features that will appeal to a broad range of users. Features like a fast 1 GHz Pentium III microprocessor, 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 512 MB), and 14.1-inch, 1,024 x 768 active-matrix screen provide the power you need to get serious work done. Windows 2000, Microsoft's corporate-oriented operating system, will keep you up and running reliably. A 30 GB hard disk drive and 8x DVD-ROM provide lots of storage. The notebook has a built-in 56K modem but lacks a standard network interface. A license for Lotus SmartSuite software is included.	IBM Thinkpad A22M P3-1GHZ 30GB 128MB W2K 14.1-XGA DVD 56K

This Libra-90 large button trackball mouse features a USB interface , streamlined styling , and an ergonomic design that fits comfortably in your hand! The large trackball is ideal for scrolling and pointing , and the three large buttons are designed for easy use. Order yours today!

The SX-Mix is a multifunction effect with separate moonflower and color/gobo wheels. The combined color/gobo wheel offers 18 gobos and 22 colors and both wheel and moonflower modes can be assigned to sound active or continuous rotation.

With all the power that is packed in this Toshiba 5105S607, youM-^Rll find yourself forgetting that this is a notebook computer. Not only does it come equipped with a combo CD-RW/DVD drive and 10/100 Ethernet port, it also features a 40GB hard drive, 512MB memory and ultra-fast 1.7GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor. A 15M-^T UXGA display helps you keep an eye on your work. With features like these you can rely on this laptop to complete your work just as fast (or faster)as the desktop in your office.

Keep your iRiver safe from dust, dirt and scratches with the all new iSkin for iRiver H-100 Series. It not only looks great, it adds a layer of external protection and even includes a neat screen protector and a removable rotary belt clip. We made it so that the fit is perfectly molded to the body of the iRiver, giving you full access to all controls and connectors. It is available in a variety of colors that includes one glow in the dark. Simply put, the iSkin for iRiver H-100 Series is the best solution for those who want to protect their iRiver player and look cool doing so.

If you crave the ultimate in computing portability, Sony's Vaio PCG-SRX87 notebook may very well be the answer. Tipping the scales at a featherweight 2.76 pounds, the SRX87 is no heavier than a typical purse. Just 1.1 by 10.2 by 7.7 inches, it's slim enough to fit inside one. But make no mistake

Compaq's Presario S5200NX Desktop PC is intended for light- to medium-use situations where cost is the overriding factor. The system isn't particularly game-friendly, nor does it sport such luxuries as DVD burning or a FireWire port for high-speed interaction with digital camcorders. Yet its affordable price point, large hard disk and satisfactory power section make it a good low-cost alternative for many home and home office applications. The Presario S5200nx Desktop is driven by a price-conscious Intel Celeron processor operating at 2.7 GHz - an adequately fast CPU but not nearly as capable or as forward-looking as Intel's flagship processor, the Pentium 4. Compaq has added a satisfactory allotment of 512 MB DRR SDRAM memory (expandable to 1 GB) and an integrated Intel Extreme Graphics controller with 64 MB of shared (not dedicated) video memory. As such, the system is not recommended for advanced 3-D graphics or heavy-duty business use. To store and transfer your data, the Presario S5200nx Desktop is equipped with a surprisingly accommodating 120 GB hard disk (perfect for storing oodles of MP3s), a convenient 3.5-inch diskette drive, and a combination CD-RW/DVD drive that supports CD burning and playing and DVD playback but does not permit DVD writing. The system features a variety of connectivity options, including serial and parallel ports, a 56K V.90 flex modem for low-speed communication, a high-speed 10-Mbps/100-Mbps Ethernet network port, and a half-dozen high-speed USB 2.0 ports for plug and play peripherals. Monitor and speakers are sold separately, thus allowing you to choose from the many options available today.

The SMC WiFi (WSKP100) Skype phone introduces Skype users into a PC-less environment. No longer are you tied to a computer to send and receive Skype phone calls. The next generation of Skype technology is here!		SMC introduces the new compact Wi-Fi Phone for Skype

3COM 3CRWDR100A-72 Router 11g ADSL 4 Port 54 Mbps 2.4 GHz DSL Modem Wireless Office Connect External Ethernet Manageable

Introducing a new line that delivers the Chuckit promise! These compelling plush toys were developed for interactive game time. Packaging features interactive play tips, including hide and seek. Outplay the ordinary with these Chuckit brand plush toys. Description

ViewSonic's Optiquest Q71 17-inch monitor with PerfectFlat technology provides creative flexibility and features that maximize options for advanced imaging. Business owners, photo enthusiasts, and users involved in desktop publishing or Web design will appreciate the 16 viewable inches and the comfortable flat image surface. Operation is a breeze with screen controls at arm's reach and with plug-and-play installation.Offering a flicker-free resolution of 1,024 x 768 at 87 Hz (maximum 1,280 x 1,024), the Q71 monitor features 0.27-millimeter dot pitch, which delivers sharp, distortion-free images. The Q71 displays your important data and images through antireflective, antiglare, optimized glass, greatly reducing eyestrain while maintaining the display quality and color intensity.With minimal reflection, a smooth surface, high-resolution capabilities, and top image quality, the ViewSonic's Optiquest Q71 is PC ready and Macintosh compatible (with the addition of an optional Mac cable). Compact dimensions of 16 by 15 by 18 inches (weight is 36 pounds) leave you adequate desk space. Parts, labor, and picture tube are supported by a limited three-year warranty.

This slim and sweet silver and black LCD screen provides you with all the necessary tools to ditch your television forever. With built-in picture-in-picture and the included remote control, the Hansol Multitech H700T has the features you want combined with an impressive set of technical details

KOD 8991663 KODAK COBALT CAMERA BAG LARG

Now there's even more to love about Apple's iBook notebook. Weighing in at a respectable 5.9 pounds and featuring a 700 MHz PowerPC G3 processor, a 20 GB hard drive, and 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 640 MB)--plus AirPort wireless networking and FireWire, USB, and Ethernet ports--the iBook connects to hundreds of peripherals designed to fit your life. This system features a brilliant 14.1-inch TFT XGA active-matrix display and razor-sharp 1,024 x 768 resolution. It's the perfect place for doing everything from working on spreadsheets to displaying your movies and digital pictures in millions of colors (incidentally, the iBook display scales down beautifully, again with millions of colors, for special games and applications optimized for 800 x 600 or 640 x 480 resolutions). Included is a combo CD-RW/ DVD-ROM drive for playing games and music CDs, as well as for enjoying DVD movies. The 700 MHz iBook ships with a 30 GB hard drive which provides exceptional storage space. In addition, this system comes with the ATI Mobility Radeon graphics accelerator with 16 MB of SDRAM and AGP 2x support for gorgeous 3-D graphics. The iBook also comes loaded with iPhoto, the cool new software application in the easy-to-use tradition of iTunes, iMovie, and iDVD. iPhoto makes it a snap to manage your digital pictures. You can present them in a full-screen slide show (accompanied by your favorite music), e-mail them to your family and friends, print them on your inkjet printer, order Kodak prints over the Internet, or have them made into custom-printed, linen-bound books. In addition to handling digital photos with ease, the iBook lets you make your own movies--and show them anywhere. Capture digital video footage on your DV camcorder and turn it into engaging movies with the iMovie 2 software that comes pre-installed. iMovie lets you transfer video clips from your digital camcorder to your hard disk using the included FireWire port. Use iMovie to snip out the boring parts and enhance the best parts with cool effects, transitions, and titles. Then add a great soundtrack and you're done. Now watch your finished movies full-screen on your iBook or use the iMovie Export feature to select from a range of predefined QuickTime formats for creating and sharing movies. You can, for example, compress your movies so you can burn them onto a CD or post them on the Internet, or use the VGA video output port (for video mirroring on an external display) and an AV port to show your movies and presentations on a big-screen TV or projector (just add an optional Apple AV cable). For those interested in audio as well as video applications, the iBook comes with iTunes 2, the software that lets you convert (or "rip") the songs on your music CDs to MP3 format, simply by clicking a button. iTunes compresses  CD-quality audio files to about a tenth of their original size with very little loss in audible quality. These significantly smaller file sizes enable you to store thousands of songs on your iBook's hard disk drive.

The Tecra 8200 is commendable in a number of ways. It's a better than average desktop-replacement or entertainment notebook that still manages to be quite portable. An 850 MHz Pentium III processor powers the system, and it's matched up with 128 MB RAM, a 20 GB hard disk drive, and an 8x DVD-ROM drive. The notebook's display is a 14.1-inch, active-matrix screen with 1,024 x 768 resolution. A 56K modem and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet networking are standard, too. The installed operating system is Windows 98, an OS that, while less robust than its cousin Windows 2000, can be easier to use and more forgiving if you plan to install a wide assortment of peripherals.	Toshiba Tecra 8200 P3-850 20GB 128MB 9814.1-XGA DVD 56K NO FDD

Satisfy your multimedia and gaming needs wherever you roam with the thin, light Toshiba Satellite P105-S6024 laptop. It runs the powerful Windows XP Media Center operating system, which enables you to save TV programming from the built-in TV tuner and save shows to the hard drive or burn to DVD via the dual-layer, multi-format DVD burner. It's also great for using as a media center, with Toshiba's unique Express Media Player enabling you to bypass the system and access CDs and DVDs with a touch of button. You'll enjoy fantastic TV and DVD viewing as well as immersive gaming graphics thanks to the 17-inch TruBrite display. You'll enjoy fantastic TV and DVD viewing as well as immersive gaming graphics thanks to the 17-inch TruBrite display.  It's powered by Intel's new, groundbreaking processor--the powerful Core Duo T2050--which provides an optimized, multithreaded architecture for improved gaming and multitasking performance and a more efficient power consumption. The dual execution core T2050 has a 1.60 GHz processor speed, 533 MHz system bus, and 2 MB L2 cache. This laptop also features a 100 GB hard drive, 1 GB of installed DDR2 RAM (4 GB maximum), tri-mode 802.11a/b/g wireless connectivity, and Intel GMA 950 graphics processor with 128 MB of shared video memory.  The Basics  Hard Drive

The DX1 Gaming Keyboard from Ergodex is ideal for PC gaming or workplace productivity. It features 25 movable programmable keys that can be placed anywhere on the DX1's pad and has no wires and no batteries thereby enhancing comfort and performance. The keys are programmed either on-the-fly (in-game or application) or using Ergodex Manager to do any task or series of tasks in the PC. These keys are placed on the DX1's pad to fit your hand and re-positioned anytime keeping your hands fresh and responsive through lengthy game or work sessions. This keyboard features removable key tray for insertion of skins and templates. The inexhaustible re-usable adhesive on key bottoms allows fine tuning of key positions on pad. With this keyboard you can do several tasks such as resize a picture apply a stroke optimize for the Web and more.Primary InformationInput Device Type

As one of the most cost-effective models in HP Pavilion's lineup, the Pavilion 514n Desktop PC delivers modern computer basics at an incredibly affordable price point. Those who constantly strain their computer with processor-intensive applications, the latest 3-D games, and severe multitasking may want to look elsewhere, but the Pavilion 505n is a solid choice for those who can't afford or don't require the blazing speed of a state-of-the-art machine. At the heart of the Pavilion 514n lies a surprisingly capable 2.2 GHz Intel Celeron processor. HP has matched this budget-conscious CPU with 256 MB of PC2100 DDR SDRAM, an integrated Intel Extreme graphics chipset with 64 MB of shared (not dedicated) memory, and a respectable 60 GB hard disk. Other data handling tools include a 3.5-inch diskette drive for older or smaller applications and backup needs, and a CD-Writer/DVD-ROM combo drive through which you can play and burn audio CDs, archive large amounts of information, and, when the work is done, enjoy the latest Hollywood blockbusters. The Pavilion 514n sports a number of amenities that only a few months ago were reserved for more expensive systems, including a full half-dozen ultra-fast USB 2.0 ports for speedy interaction with plug and play peripherals, a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse, a convenient HP Internet Command Center keyboard, and a pair of small but adequate Polk Audio desktop speakers. The unit does not offer an IEEE 1394 FireWire port for interaction with supporting peripherals such as digital camcorders, but it does feature a 56K modem for low-speed Internet and email access and a 10/100Base-T networking interface for high-speed e-communications. Bundled software includes Microsoft's Windows XP Home Edition, the versatile WordPerfect Productivity Pack and Intuit Quicken Financial Center. HP has not included a monitor, thus allowing users to independently select a model based on their own preferences.

If youre looking to break away from the desktop computer habit on a tight budget, the Toshiba Satellite 1115-S103 notebook PC is a worthy choice. This entry-level mobile PC easily provides enough processing power for most applications, and adds connectivity and expansion capacity--plus a DVD/CD drive--in a slim, attractive package. The notebooks 1.5 GHz Intel Celeron processor delivers affordable computing power for a variety of productivity and multimedia software titles. The 1115-S103s 20 GB hard drive offers ample space for storing copious amounts of data, digital music, and photos. A DVD-ROM drive and built-in stereo speakers enable you to enjoy digital movies and music on the road or at home. Sound is enhanced by 3-D sound support with HRTF 3-D positional audio, Direct 3-D sound, and hardware acceleration for DirectSound and DirectMusic. An ATI M6C graphics controller and 16 MB of external DDR video memory offer 1,024 x 768 resolution on the 1115-S103s 14.1-inch TFT active-matrix display. The notebooks 256 MB of memory--expandable to 512 MB--and its 256 KB of L2 cache make it easy to run several applications smoothly at the same time. Its two 32-bit CardBus-ready PC Card slots support either two Type II cards or one Type III card. The 1115-S103 includes two expansion memory slots (including the notebooks main memory slot). The 6.9-pound, 12.6-by-10.9-by-1.5-inch 1115-S103 includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet interface with an RJ-45 LAN port and a built-in 56K V.92 modem with an RJ-11 connector. Other ports include a TV-out interface, an RGB monitor port, and a parallel printer interface. The notebooks keyboard includes 85 full-size keys with 12 function keys. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, InterVideo WinDVD, Norton AntiVirus 2002, and Adobe Acrobat Reader.

This notebook is suited for both business and entertainment purposes, and makes a nice desktop-replacement machine. Its price is about average for notebooks as a whole, and higher than average among similarly rated products. Some of the features we like are its 1 GHz Pentium III chip, 256 MB of memory (expandable to 512 MB), 15-inch, 1,024 x 768 resolution active-matrix display, and a CD-RW drive. The system also comes with a 20 GB hard disk, 56K modem, and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network card. Windows XP Home Edition, which combines the stability of Windows 2000 with better support for peripherals and games plus a new user interface, comes installed.	Sony makes it possible to enjoy the conveniences of your PC at home on the go with this PCGFX370 notebook computer. ThereM-^Rs more than enough power provided by the new Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition operating system to power the 1GHz Intel Pentium III processor, 256SDRAM and 20GB hard drive to run your favorite programs and surf the Internet with the V.90 modem. And with the combo DVD/CD-RW drive you can create your own CDs or watch movies on the 15'' XGA TFT active Matrix display.

The USB 2.0 IDE Adapter turns any IDE drive into a convenient external drive. The adapter supports all existing IDE/ ATAPI devices such as LS-120, Iomega Zip, CD-ROM, CD-RW, DVD-ROM and IDE hard drives. Support up 250GB IDE hard drive. Support Windows 98SE/ ME/2000/ XP & Mac OS 8.6 or higher. Package content

The QL5 lavaliere microphone is an ideal choice for close body micing in presentation and video applications. The cardioid pick up pattern of the charged condenser element captures speech and vocals with great detail. The sturdy tie clip allows the microphone to be easily attached in position, secure, worry free and out of the way. A 20-foot cable, PM5 XLR adapter and windscreen are all included in the QL5 ConcertLine package. Features

Now you can watch, pause and automatically record your favorite shows and sporting events in Free to-air HDTV with this ATSC TV tuner card on Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 PC. The VBox Cats Eye - 150 is a low profile PCI HDTV tuner card that receives the highest quality digital television transmissions allowing you to utilize all the PVR power of MCE or other PVR packages. The Cats Eye 150 ships with a set of advanced BDA drivers, allowing it to reliably work with most top quality PVR programs. Enjoy the dazzling beauty of free HDTV Movies, Shows and Sports that are available today without increasing your cable subscription costs. Automatically time shift your viewing to the times most convenient for you. Watch the SuperBowl and the World Series like you've never seen them before. See every player's every move, Instant Replay when ever you want - never miss a play. Record your favorite programs and view them in HDTV for an unsurpassed experience.  RF Input -  Coaxial IEC 75 female   RF Loop Through -  Coaxial IEC 75 male   RF Input Impedance -  75 OHm   Reception Frequency -  55.25 MHz to 859.25 MHz   Channel Bandwidth -  6 MHz   Input Sensitivity -  Min. 84dBm   Dynamic Range -  More than 82 dB   White Noise Threshold of Errors -  Less than 15.3 dB   AGC Speed -  More than 600H   PCI Interface   Bus master DMA scatter/gather   Host bus width/burst rate -  32 bit/133 Mbps   Data Rates -  Up to 19.28 Mbps, Up to 32 PIDs simultaneous filtering   ATSC digital 8VSB and 16VSB   Decoding -  Reed -Solomon   Reed Solomon Outer Code -  (207, 187)   RF  F' type female   Low Profile PCI Board   PCI 2.1 Compliant   System Requirements -  Microsoft Windows XP, Home, Pro, MCE, One free PCI slot, Antenna with coaxial cable ending in F connector, Application software such as Microsoft MCE, Pre-installed MCE 2005 Certified Analog TV Tuner Card, Graphics card per XP-MCE requirements, MPEG-2 decoder software with HD support   D

MGE EN-35N-SK 3.5USB-LANDISK ENCLOSURE USB2.0+RJ45 ALUMINUM

As one of the more affordable models in Sony's wide-ranging "Digital Studio" line of PCs, the VAIO PCV-RZ32G Desktop offers high-end performance and exceptional multimedia capabilities at a considerably more palatable price point than that of power-packed siblings such as the VAIO PCV-RX34G. Capable yet relatively economical, the VAIO PCV-RZ34G could be just the ticket for those who use their computer for entertainment as well as productivity. Outfitted with a reasonably fast 2.6 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of premium PC-2700 333 MHz DDR memory (expandable to a whopping 2 GB), and a blazing 800 MHz front side bus, the VAIO PVC-RZ32G is ready for all but the most demanding 2-D chores. For improved performance in state-of-the-art 3-D applications such as games, animation and graphic design, users may wish to upgrade the enclosed 64 MB nVidia GeForce4 X440-8x video chipset. When it comes to storing, transferring and accessing your valuable data, the VAIO PCV-RZ32G has you covered. The system is fitted with a beefy 80 GB hard disk, a 3.5-inch diskette drive for older or smaller applications, a 40-speed CD-ROM drive for listening to audio CDs and installing programs, and a DVD-RW/CD-RW drive that allows you to burn audio CDs, archive information, watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters and create your own DVDs. To ensure fast interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders, scanners and external drives, the unit features a total of eight high-speed USB 2.0 ports and a pair of IEEE 1394 FireWire connectors -- one each on the front and rear. The VAIO PCV-RZ32G sports numerous other amenities, including a VGA/DVI port for flat-panel displays, an S/PDIF out, two PS/2 ports, a pair of freestanding stereo speakers, a handy VAIO Smart keyboard, and a thorough package of business, leisure and entertainment software. A monitor is not included with this computer.

This Comcast High-Speed Internet Install Kit HSIK-200 features super-fast navigation and download speeds, constant, reliable connection-it's always on and doesn't require a phone line, remote access to your e-mail - pick up messasges from anywhere, up to 7 e-mail addresses per account - one for every member of the family, and ""My Web Page"" & ""My File Locker"" - web space to create personal web pages and your own personal storage space for MP3s, photos and more.	Features	Video Features 	Always Connected-no dialing up. No phone line needed.	Video Features 	Complete Service-personal email, web space, and 24-hour support.	Video Features 	Fast-up to 50 times faster than dial-up.	Video Features 	Powerful-downloads files in seconds.

DVD/CDRW 56K 10/100 256MB XPP

Apple's all-in-one eMac, originally designed for the education market, is now available to everyone. The most affordable G4-based computer series ever, the eMac now includes Apple's SuperDrive, which allows you to burn both recordable DVDs and CDs, along with a suite of Apple software that will allow your digital creativity to flow from the moment you plug in the computer. The new SuperDrive-equipped eMac model is the industry's lowest-cost way to author and burn custom DVDs that play in most consumer DVD players. Apple's award-winning iMovie and iDVD applications come pre-installed on the new eMac, enabling users to edit their video and create and burn their own custom DVDs without buying additional software. The popular eMac features a stunning 17-inch flat CRT display in a remarkably compact design. Its shape lets you conserve desk space--the entire computer is smaller than most 17-inch displays, yet it includes not only the display, but also an integrated high-performance stereo audio system with a 16-watt digital amplifier, as well as the SuperDrive. In fact, it's actually less deep (by about 8 mm) than the original groundbreaking 15-inch iMac. It also features 256 MB of system memory, a 60 GB hard drive, and an nVidia GeForce2 MX graphics processor for stunning graphics display. The eMac's 800 MHz PowerPC G4 processor uses Velocity Engine technology, which makes multimedia tasks like CD burning and digital video editing faster and easier. In addition, it includes Apple's industry-leading suite of digital lifestyle applications. That includes iPhoto for managing and sharing digital photographs, iMovie for creating digital movies, and iTunes for creating a digital music library, as well as iDVD. With five USB ports and two high-speed FireWire ports, the eMac offers easy plug-and-play connections to popular peripherals such as digital video camcorders, digital still cameras, printers, and scanners. A built-in 56K modem means you won't need any additional hardware to connect to the Internet. In addition, the eMac comes with a built-in Ethernet connection, which allows it to join your home, office, or school network. An AirPort slot makes it easy to connect the eMac to a wireless network with the addition of an AirPort card.

The Apevia Multimedia Keyboard/LED Optical Mouse 2-in-1 Combo combines superior quality, extraordinary performance, sleek style and stunning colors in one package for your home and office environment. Available in seven premium colors-black, silver, blue, red, green, yellow and white to meet your personal favorite and match most of the color systems in the market. 18 enhanced programmable function keys simplify your Internet navigating and Windows commands. No other mouse comes close to this beauty when its wheel lights up. Top-of-the-line sophisticated modern style, world-class engineering, comfortable ambidextrous shape that easily fits left or right hands and power-user features. Give your system a facelift with this Apevia 2-in-1 Multimedia Keyboard/LED Optical Mouse combo set. This is an excellent choice for those who require a multi- functional keyboard, stylish optical mouse and the comfortable silent touch.

Specially for Closed corner fans.      May not work on fans smaller than 60mm     Sold in packages of (4).

This highly portable speaker system helps your PSP perform like never before. Amplify your sound and elevate your PSP with this viewing stand. Features stereo sound, built-in amplifier and includes a built-in display stand.

The convergence of home technology reaches a focal point with  ViewSonic's VPW500 plasma display. At an incredibly light 89 pounds, it easily  mounts onto a wall. With built-in audio speakers and a diagonal viewing length  of 50 inches, you can enjoy your video games, movies, or PC as they were meant  to be seen. Its 160-degree viewing angle also makes it ideal for public  information or conference room displays. You will be sure to get razor-sharp  images with its high brightness and contrast ratio and wide XGA (1,280 x 768)  resolution. It is also HDTV-ready, making the VPW500 a true technological  standout in versatility, performance, and forward thinking.

If you're in need of a home desktop system, Compaq's Presario 5300US is worth a good look. Its price is about average for desktops as a whole and a bit higher than average among similarly rated products. It includes a 1.1 GHz Celeron processor, 256 MB of memory (expandable to 512 MB), a 20 GB hard disk, a 40x CD-ROM drive, a Direct AGP 3D Graphics card, and a 56K modem. For convenience and added functionality, the system is bundled with a Presario MV540 15-inch monitor and IJ650 color ink-jet printer. In addition, the Presario 5300US features Windows XP, Microsoft's newest operating system, designed to better support peripherals and games while providing a new user interface.	Compaq PRESARIO 5300US

The EO2010 21-inch (20.1-inch viewable) display from Princeton aims to please the most discriminating professional user of high level graphics, CAD/CAM/CAE, PrePress, desktop publishing and much more. With its 117-kHz chassis, superfine 0.25-millimeter diagonal dot pitch, and superfast 230-MHz video dot clock, this powerhouse of a monitor displays an astounding, crystal-clear maximum resolution of 1920 x 1440 at a 75 Hz vertical refresh rate. The EO2010 is TCO '95 compliant to meet the strict industry standard for reduced electromagnetic emissions and recyclability of materials.

Now there's even more to love about Apple's iBook notebook. Weighing in at an easily portable 4.9 pounds and featuring a 600 MHz PowerPC G3 processor, a 20 GB hard drive, and 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 640 MB)--plus AirPort wireless networking and FireWire, USB, and Ethernet ports--the iBook connects to hundreds of peripherals designed to fit your life. This system features a brilliant 12.1-inch TFT XGA active-matrix display and razor-sharp 1,024 x 768 resolution. It's the perfect place for doing everything from working on spreadsheets to displaying your movies and digital pictures in millions of colors (incidentally, the iBook display scales down beautifully, again with millions of colors, for special games and applications optimized for 800 x 600 or 640 x 480 resolutions). Included is a CD-ROM drive for playing games and music CDs. The 600 MHz iBook ships with a 20 GB hard disk drive, or upgrade to an optional 30 GB hard drive for even more storage space. In addition, this system comes with the ATI Mobility Radeon graphics accelerator with 16 MB of SDRAM and AGP 2x support for gorgeous 3-D graphics. The iBook also comes loaded with iPhoto, the cool new software application in the easy-to-use tradition of iTunes, iMovie, and iDVD. iPhoto makes it a snap to manage your digital pictures. You can present them in a full-screen slide show (accompanied by your favorite music), e-mail them to your family and friends, print them on your inkjet printer, order Kodak prints over the Internet, or have them made into custom-printed, linen-bound books. In addition to handling digital photos with ease, the iBook lets you make your own movies--and show them anywhere. Capture digital video footage on your DV camcorder and turn it into engaging movies with the iMovie 2 software that comes pre-installed. iMovie lets you transfer video clips from your digital camcorder to your hard disk using the included FireWire port. Use iMovie to snip out the boring parts and enhance the best parts with cool effects, transitions, and titles. Then add a great soundtrack and you're done. Now watch your finished movies full-screen on your iBook or use the iMovie Export feature to select from a range of predefined QuickTime formats for creating and sharing movies. You can, for example, compress your movies so you can burn them onto a CD or post them on the Internet, or use the VGA video output port (for video mirroring on an external display) and an AV port to show your movies and presentations on a big-screen TV or projector (just add an optional Apple AV cable). For those interested in audio as well as video applications, the iBook comes with iTunes 2, the software that lets you convert (or "rip") the songs on your music CDs to MP3 format, simply by clicking a button. iTunes compresses  CD-quality audio files to about a tenth of their original size with very little loss in audible quality. These significantly smaller file sizes enable you to store thousands of songs on your iBook's hard disk drive.

Quickly and easily share a high-speed Internet connection up to 4 computers. The 4-port 10Base-TX Ethernet router and switch allows users to share a single broadband connection NWay auto negotiation between 10Base-T and 100Base-TX network speeds.

Ultra-affordable but not very powerful, the HP Pavilion a200n Desktop PC is built for folks who don't want or don't need to drop a lot of dough on a high-end machine. Those who constantly strain their computer with processor-intensive applications, the latest 3-D games, and heavy multitasking will want to look elsewhere, but the Pavilion a200n is otherwise a solid choice for the budget-conscious user. At the heart of the Pavilion a200n lies a 2.4 GHz Intel Celeron processor. HP has matched this budget-conscious CPU with 256 MB of PC2100 DDR SDRAM, an integrated Intel Extreme graphics chipset with 64 MB of shared (not dedicated) memory, and a smallish 40 GB hard drive. Other data handling tools include a 3.5-inch diskette drive for older or smaller applications and backup needs, and a CD-RW drive through which you can play and burn audio CDs and archive information. The Pavilion a200n is rather short on amenities. The package does not include a display or speakers. Nor does it feature a DVD drive for playing and burning DVD discs or an IEEE 1394 FireWire port (normally used for fast data movement to and from external devices such as digital camcorders). HP has included a half dozen high-speed USB 2.0 ports for speedy interaction with plug and play peripherals, a two-button PS/2 scrolling mouse and a convenient HP Multimedia keyboard. Connectivity options include a low-speed 56K modem and a 10/100Base-T networking interface for high-speed e-communications. The impressive bundled software package features such useful applications as WordPerfect Productivity Pack 2002, WordPerfect 10 and Quattro Pro 10, Intuit Quicken New Users Edition, and the Windows XP Home Edition operating system.	Looking for a PC that will wow everyone in the family? This is it

Optimize your graphics performance! Crucial's feature-packed RADEON graphics card line-up offers something for everyone. Whether you're a computing enthusiast or a hardcore gamer, a new graphics card dramatically improves your experience with outstanding visual realism and real-time 3-D performance. What do you use your computer for? Perhaps you use your home computer system for word-processing, personal photo editing, and occasional game-playing. A graphics card upgrade will make the time you spend at the computer more efficient and more enjoyable. You'll notice faster photo editing, smoother graphics, and better overall performance in your games. Or maybe you want to squeeze out every bit of performance you can because you're an avid gamer playing today's increasingly complex and realistic video games. Whatever applications you run on your system, a new graphics card will enhance the performance and extend the life of your system. Crucial Quality

CompUSA Removable 9-in-1 Flash Media Reader/Writer and USB 2.0, Firewire, Audio Front Panel Hub.	9 types of flash memory. 3 front USB 2.0 ports. 1 Front IEEE 1394 port. 1 headphone jack. 1 microphone jack installs into 5.25" bay. 480Mbps			Includes users manual, driver CD, 9 in 1 media reader/writer, IEEE 1394 cable, Combo cable conector, mounting screws, storage pouch.

The DVR-A07XL is Pioneer's first 8x8 dual format writer, meaning it is capable of writing at 8x speed on DVD-R discs whose standard is being ratified in the DVD Forum and +R discs that are designed for this recording speed.  The new drive also records high-speed DVD-RW and +RW discs at up to 4x speed, and CD-R and CD-RW discs at up to 24x speed. Pioneer engineers focused on improving the writing/recording quality and reliability for high-speed writing.  New technology accommodates for variances in blank media.  Some of the technological advancements include

A7Ss powerful graphics and high definition (1440x900) Color Shine screen enable stunning video and images. An integrated TV tuner allows you to watch your favorite TV shows while on the go. Another key feature of this notebook is it comes with one eSATA port, giving the flexibility of adding a high speed connection to an external hard drive.

Support USB specification version 2.0.	Support power saving mode to reduce power consumption.	Support Windows ME, 2000 and XP without device driver.	Support Driver for Windows 98/98 SE.	Driverless solution for Linux Kernel version 2.4 or later version.	Driverless for Mac OS 9.X or above.	LED indicator when device is in use.	Hot Plug and Play.	No external power is required.	It also supports software application for Disk Security and Disk Partition.	Lifetime Warranty

The A25D break-resistant stand adapter is a perfect fit for Shure SM58, SM57, SM87A, and Beta 87A microphones, along with any other microphone with a 3/4-inch or larger handle. Now users can sing with confidence knowing that their microphone holder will stand up to delicate ballads and thundering rockers with equal aplomb.	Shure knows audio.  Use the accessories you can count on for your audio needs.  The A25D is a break resistant stand adapter for the SM58, SM57, SM87A, Beta 87A and all other microphones with 3/4-inch and larger handles.

Start with an iMac. Trick it out with a big hard disk drive and a slightly faster processor. Voil, you've got the iMac SE. This model includes a PowerPC G3 chip running at 700 MHz, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to a gigabyte), and a 60 GB hard disk drive. It also has a CD-RW drive, 56K modem, and 100 Mbps networking. The system's integrated case design, in a translucent gray that Apple calls "graphite," houses a 15-inch monitor with 13.8-inch viewable area. The system comes with both the classic Mac OS 9 and the slick new Mac OS X installed.	Apple Computer iMac SE G3 700MHZ 256MB 60GB CDRW 56K GRAPHITE

Designed for highly mobile users, the ThinkPad T60 Series notebooks deliver outstanding performance, full functionality and long battery life in an easily portable, thin and light design.

SolidTek ACK-540BU Mini-Keyboard w/Touch Pad USB interface for easy and convenient usage, plug and play; Designed for Windows; 88/89 keys keyboard with embedded numeric keypad and 12 dedicated function keys Features

Apple Computer POWERBOOK G4-667MHZ 30GB 512MB 15.2 WIDE CDRW/DVD AIRPORT INCLUDED

Like its slightly more powerful cousin, the 5430US, Compaq's 5423US easily  handles most any application thrown its way and provides plenty of room for  expansion and future upgrades. In addition to the components that come standard  with the 5423US, this bundle includes Compaq's 15-inch MV540 monitor, making  this option an even smarter choice for those seeking a state-of-the-art  computing experience for a down-to-earth price. Topping the unit's impressive list of features is one of today's most potent  processors, Intel's 1.6 GHz Pentium 4. Although pricier than most alternative  processors, including Intel's own Celeron and Pentium III and AMD's Athlon and  Duron, Pentium 4 chips are generally faster where it counts most--clock speed.  And of the numerous Pentium 4 processors Intel currently markets, the 1.6 GHz  model is just a few rungs from the very top. For the 5423US, Compaq matches this capable Intel processor with more than  enough high-end memory to operate any program currently available and handle  most any conceivable level of multitasking. With 512 MB of RAM at your disposal,  it may be years until you even need to even contemplate upgrading to the one  full gigabyte the system supports. The 5423US offers something else most prebuilt computers do not--a decent video  card. Packed with a generous 64 MB of video memory, the system's nVidia GeForce2  MX graphics board will comfortably operate all 2-D and 3-D tasks and pump out  smooth frame rates and detailed textures at all but the absolute highest 3-D  game screen resolutions. Truly serious gamers may want the additional  performance perks of a GeForce3 or GeForce4 card, yet had best be prepared to  drop quite a few more dollars in the process. With the 5423US, data storage, movement, and backup should never be a problem.  Its monstrous 80 GB UltraDMA hard drive offers oodles of space for even the most  software-intensive workplace or gaming environment. Its 16x CD-RW drive permits  fast burning of audio and data backup or data transferal CDs. Its 3.5-inch  floppy disk drive supports any programs or files you might still store on a  floppy disk, and its 16x DVD drive smoothly and accurately plays your favorite  movies. And if you ever do want to add another drive, the unit's two spare  expansion bays are ready to accommodate.  The 5423US is packed with a variety of tools to enhance day-to-day computing. A  built-in 56K modem supplies basic Internet connection speed, and a 10/100 Mbps  Ethernet card offers multiple computer networking and high-speed Internet  potential. The system's Compaq USB Internet keyboard sports an assortment of  convenient one-touch multimedia and Internet controls, and its IEEE 1394  FireWire port supports fast data transfer between computers and peripheral  devices such as camcorders. Other important amenities include four USB ports (two of which are handily  positioned at the front of the case), a serial port for older mice and external  modems, a parallel "printer" port, and an integrated AC97 Soundmax II Audio chip  with support for Dolby Digital surround sound. Compaq has not included speakers  in the package, allowing users to choose and configure their own audio setup.  The list of pre-installed software includes the Home Edition of the Windows XP  operating system, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken Financial  Center/Quicken New User Edition, and InterVideo WinDVD.

This Sony PCVRX670 has so much to offer you may find it hard to tear yourself away. A 1.8GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 80GB Ultra ATA/100 hard drive, and 512MB PC-2100 DDR memory provide plenty of power to easily handle high-speed applications. But the real star is the DVD-RW drive with CD-RW capabilities that lets your creative side run wild with the ability to record your own movies and save them on a DVD disc that can be played back on most home DVD players. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY

ATI 9250 VIDADPT 128MB PCI

Have a tough car game you're working on with your new Nintendo Wii? Get this new steering wheel attachement to create the ultimate driving experience! This steering wheel attachement is made of high grade molded plastic to fit your Nintendo Wii remote perfectly. With the lanyard still exposed you can still rest assured your remote is safely wrapped around your wrist. Compatible with

Sound Board - PCI - 24 bit - Internal

Though not the smallest Sony portable computer at 13.3 by 10.9 inches and 8.2 pounds, the Vaio NV170 notebook brings true desktop performance to your mobile environment. Whether you're on the job, playing a movie or game, or working with your still photos or videos, the Vaio NV170 may be the only computer you need. If you want power, you've come to the right place. Fitted with a 1.6 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache, the Vaio NV170 is ready for virtually anything you can throw its way. To keep data flowing fast and limit hard drive usage, Sony has included 256 MB of RAM and allowed you to expand to a whopping 512 MB. Visual processing is handled by a robust 16 MB 4x AGP ATI Mobility Radeon 7500 graphics chip, which in conjunction with the processor and RAM should capably display any graphic-intensive program aside from high-end, 3-D games. Sony has equipped the unit with a number of other luxuries not often found in notebooks, including a sizable 30 GB hard disk, an internal CD-RW/DVD drive through which you can play and record CDs and watch movies, and a large, bright 15-inch, high-resolution (1,400 x 1,050) TFT LCD display. You'll listen to music and movies through a surprisingly punchy set of integrated stereo speakers, and perhaps add a subwoofer at a later date via the system's hot-swappable multipurpose bay. The unit's control center features an 86-key keyboard, a center Jog Dial control with back button, and an electrostatic touch pad. The Vaio NV170 is designed for connectivity and future expansion. To help keep you in touch, the unit features a built-in V.90 modem and an RJ-45 Ethernet LAN interface. To keep you linked with other devices, Sony has included an IEEE 1394 interface for high-speed data transfer, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a serial "printer" port, headphone and microphone-in jacks, and  TV-out and VGA-monitor out ports. An integrated Memory Stick media slot allows you to quickly upload, transfer, and archive digital images and important data. Your Vaio NV170 will arrive with a wide variety of pre-installed practical and entertainment programs, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Word 2002, Adobe Photoshop Elements, Quicken 2002 New User Edition, and numerous useful Sony-exclusive audio and video applications.

Antec Spot Cool is specifically designed to mount on any motherboard to provide cooling wherever you need it most. Simply mount it on a motherboard mounting hole, angle the fan as you desire and power it from a motherboard fan connector. 3-speed switch lets you balance quiet performance with maximum cooling.

Shopping for a feature-rich multimedia mobile computer offering a high-octane processor, supercharged graphics, stereo sound with built-in subwoofer, and a large high-resolution display? The Toshiba Satellite 5205-S503 notebook PC delivers all of this in an advanced, stylish design. A 2 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor-M provides premium computing power across a broad range of productivity and multimedia software. The notebooks 512 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 512 KB of L2 cache smoothly run multiple applications simultaneously. A 40 GB hard drive offers abundant data and multimedia download storage. A multifunction DVD/CD-RW drive lets you watch movies, and listen to and record music and back up data on CD. Sound from the notebooks built-in Harman Kardon stereo speakers with subwoofer is enhanced by 3-D sound support with HRTF 3-D positional audio, Direct 3-D sound, and hardware acceleration for DirectSound and DirectMusic. The 5205-S503 includes a 15-inch SXGA+ active-matrix display that, coupled with an nVidia GeForce4 460 Go graphics controller and 32 MB of 250 MHz DDR external video memory, supports up to 16 million colors at 1,400 x 1,050 resolution. The 7.1-pound, 12.9-by-11.6-by-1.8-inch 5205-S503 includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet interface with RJ-45 LAN port and built-in 56K V.92 modem with RJ-11 connector. Other ports include three USB 2.0 interfaces, a TV-out interface, a FireWire interface, and a secure digital card slot. A 32-bit CardBus-ready PC Card slot supports one Type II card. The notebook includes a Toshiba remote control device with power on/shutdown, CD/DVD/digital audio play control, volume control, keyboard emulation, task change, maximize window, and a TV button. The 5205-S503s keyboard includes 85 full-size keys with 12 function keys. Installed software includes Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, InterVideo WinDVD, Norton AntiVirus 2002, and Adobe Acrobat Reader.

The new Wishbone Series flat panel cantilever wall mounts will heighten the "wow" factor of any television room as much as the new LCD or plasma screen it is holding. Designed with the consumer and installer in mind, these flat panel cantilever mounts are as practical as wall mounts come, yet highly versatile and easy to install. Unlike traditional basic wall brackets, OmniMounts Wishbone Series cantilevers allow the flat panel television to be extended away from the wall for multiple viewing options. Rugged die cast aluminum construction and included wall stud mounting hardware secures not only the flat panel television, but peace of mind as well. A double-capacity cable management system allows for twice as many unsightly wires to be neatly tucked away within the cantilevers housing for a clean, organized look.

mfr

The minute you snap a BongoTie into place, you realize that you've discovered the very best way to fasten or organize all those unruly items in your life!

The Hitachi Microdrive provides breakthrough storage capacity for portable electronic devices in an industry-standard CF+ Type II form factor. This capacity enables users of digital cameras to capture more high-resolution photos without having to frequently download data. In addition, handheld PC users can access more applications and maintain large databases, while notebook users can back up and transport their data more quickly and conveniently. The Hitachi family of Microdrives provides high-capacity, cost-effective personal storage. Weighing only 16 grams, the Hitachi Microdrive provides outstanding capacity in a compact, portable package a key requirement for today's handheld devices. With a maximum sustained data rate exceeding 4 Mpbsec, the Hitachi Microdrive provides a significant performance improvement over current flash memory. As a result, large files can be transferred very quickly, and users can be much more productive. Features  Provides high-capacity, high-performance removable storage Integrates with a variety of hand-held devices through use of the industry-standard CF+ Type II format and compatibility with PCMCIA Type II (with an adapter) Provides reliable storage for digital cameras, handheld PCs, digital audio players, laptops, and other portable handheld devices Incorporates leading-edge technologies such as giant magnetoresistive (GMR) head technology, load/unload features, Enhanced Adaptive Battery Life Extender 3.0, and TrueTrack servo for maximum capacity, performance, and reliability

GO AIR MOUSE 30 PROGRAMABLE

Steren 550-040 Fast Media TV Combiner Splitter Module

The 2Wire 1800HG wired solution offers subscribers hassle-free, secure broadband connectivity and local networking. The wireless solution extends flexibility with a HyperG 802.11g wireless access point for superior power and range! Ready, Set, Go, order today

Compatible with

The Alfa AWUS036H is the latest version of the most powerful card available. This has a stunning 1000mW output power. So if you are looking for a device to connect to an outdoor 2.4 GHz antenna, such as on a boat or an RV, this is a perfect solution. It outperforms wireless cards that are built in to newer laptops. Adding this to your laptop or desktop computer will enhance range and signal quality at longer distances. And works with Win98SE/200/ME/XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Linux (kernel 2.6.6 and later) and Macintosh (OS version 10.4). And the necessary drivers for ALL of these operating systems are included on CD-ROM* Connects at a full 54Mbps via USB 2.0, up to 8 times faster than a USB 1.1 adapter* High gain upgradeable* Compact size for greater flexibility* Also compatible with USB 1.1 desktop and notebook computers* Plug-and-Play Compatible with windows 98SE, 2000, Millennium, XP and Linux* High security 64/128/256bit WEP Encryption, TKIP, WPA, 802.11 Data Rate 802.11b

Fan

As the most powerful notebook in Compaqs midlevel 2100 line of mobile computers, the Presario 2110US blends reliability with a hint of high-end performance. Its quite portable too, at 12.96 by 10.72 by 1.57 inches and a mere 7.24 pounds. If state-of-the-art speed isnt a necessity but smooth and dependable operation is, the cost-effective Presario 2110US is a wise choice. Driven by a 1.67 GHz Mobile AMD Athlon XP 2000 CPU, 512 MB of DDR SDRAM, and a 64 MB (shared) ATI Mobility Radeon graphics chipset, the Presario 2110US will efficiently run most common notebook applications. Its roomy 60 GB hard disk is spacious enough for a full complement of business and leisure software, and its DVD/CD-RW drive is ready to help you burn and play audio CDS, archive data, and watch your favorite movies. The system will not, however, allow you to record to DVD media. Compaq has equipped the Presario 2110US with several multimedia-related perks, including an oversized 15-inch XGA TFT display capable of detailed 1,024 x 768 screen resolutions, a 16-bit Sound Blaster Pro-compatible audio chip, and a set of internal stereo speakers. The system also features a full-size 88-key keyboard with embedded numeric keypad, a touchpad with on/off button, and a dedicated vertical scroll-up/-down pad. Other amenities include two USB 1.1 ports for plug-and-play peripherals, S-Video and VGA outs for external displays and television links, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack for fast network and Internet interaction, and a built-in 56K modem for low-speed e-communication. Camcorder owners and anyone else who desires fast data transfer with external peripherals should note the system does not sport high-speed USB 2.0 or IEEE 1394 ports. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Intuits Quicken Financial Center, and Microsoft Money 2003.

Reasonably priced and equipped with a solid set of features, this HP  Omnibook will admirably fulfill the needs of most notebook users. Included is a  933 MHz Celeron processor, 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a 10 GB  hard disk. Its 8x DVD-ROM drive and 14.1-inch, active-matrix, flat-panel display  make it great for watching movies while traveling, while the installed Windows  XP Home OS further expands its multimedia capabilities.	Hewlett-Packard OMNIBOOK XE3-CELRON 933 128MB XP-H 14TFT 10GB DVD 56K

Looking for a business-oriented notebook, desktop-replacement notebook,  or portable entertainment machine? The HP Omnibook XE3 is a strong choice in all  of these areas. Some of its most impressive features are a 1 GHz Pentium III  processor, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to 1 GB), and a 14.1-inch, 1,024 x 768  resolution, active-matrix display. Also included are a 30 GB hard disk and a  combination CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive. The installed operating system is Windows XP  Home, Microsoft's new operating system that combines the stability of Windows  2000 with better support for peripherals and games.	Hewlett-Packard OMNIBOOK XE3 P3-1GHZ 256MB 30GB XP-H 14TFT DVD 56K

Magno Tango offers the new Pink 18" Canvas Stripe Laptop bag.  This bold canvas striping makes this laptop bag sure to be seen - not hidden.

Start with an iMac. Trick it out with a big hard disk drive and a slightly faster processor. Voil, you've got the iMac SE. This model includes a PowerPC G3 chip running at 700 MHz, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to a gigabyte), and a 60 GB hard disk drive. It also has a CD-RW drive, 56K modem, and 100 Mbps networking. The system's integrated case design, in a translucent white that Apple calls "snow," houses a 15-inch monitor with 13.8-inch viewable area. The system comes with both the classic Mac OS 9 and the slick new Mac OS X installed.	Apple Computer IMAC SE G3 700MHZ 256MB 60GB CDRW 56K SNOW

Retail Packing of clear Touchscreen LCD Screen Protector for Nintendo DS Lite Top LCD and Bottom [2 LCD Kit] with Bonus cleansing Cloth

The USB connector is uniquely designed to freely swivel up to 180 and allows you to adjust the position depending on the location of the USB ports on your PC. The connector can easily be flipped up with one hand just like a cigarette lighter!You can quickly transfer large data files at a maximum speed of 96Mbps (12MB/s) through a Hi-Speed USB (USB 2.0) connection.MICRO VAULT PRO offers a large storage capacity thanks to the adoption of the recent 1-inch hard disk drive technology. Always carry around all your important files right in your pocket!

PROCESSORAMD Turion X2 Dual-Core ZM-82 (2.2GHz/2MB L2 Cache) 	MEMORY4GB DDR2 SDRAM	HARD DRIVE320GB 5400 RPM SATA Hard Drive 	DISPLAY13.3 WXGA BrightView (1280 x 800) 	MULTIMEDIA DRIVESuper Multi 8X DVDRW w/Double Layer Support	VIDEO GRAPHICSATI Radeon HD 3200 w/Webcam	DIGITAL MEDIA5-in-1 media card reader, Fingerprint Reader	COMMUNICATION802.11b/g WLAN	KEYBOARDFull-Size	POINTING DEVICETouchPad with dedicated vertical  horizontal scroll 	pad	DIMENSIONS13.15" (W) x 9.45" (D) x 1.34" (min H)/1.57" (max H)	WEIGHT4.3lbs	PC CARD SLOTSExpressCard/34 Slot	EXTERNAL PORTS(3) USB 2.0 ports (one shared with eSATA port) 	HDMI eSATA Combo VGA RJ-45 (1)Headphone out Microphone 	in Consumer IR	SOUNDIntegrated Altec Lansing stereo speakers	POWERStandard Lithium-Ion batterySECURITYIntegrated Fingerprint 	Reader	OPERATING SYSTEMMicrosoft Windows Vista Premium	SOFTWAREHP PhotoSmart EssentialsAdobe Acrobat ReaderMicrosoft 	WorksMicrosoft Windows Media PlayerHP Games Powered by Wild Tangent 	HP QuickPlay

0689 - Intel - Core Duo - T7200 - 2.0 GHz - DDR2 SDRAM - 1 GB - 120 GB - 5400 Rpm - CD-RW/DVD-RW - Intel Graphics Media Accelerator 950 - 14.1 Inch - TFT active matrix  - Windows Vista Business

Offering the same rugged protection and durable neoprene construction as the rest of the Sportfolio family, this case features two large interior storage pockets; one for the Mac mini, the other for the power supply and additional peripherals and cables. The exterior features a zippered pocket on the back of the case, and a stretchy, open pocket in front. Carrying handles and a removable shock-absorbing shoulder strap round out the features. Available in black with a blue accent pocket.

The Ll-T19D1-B from Sharp is a 19-inch LCD monitor with a high-quality image and an ergonomic design. Compatible with both PC and Mac platforms, it accepts both analog and digital input signals via its 15-pin mini D-sub (x2) and DVI-D ports. With a 1,280 x 1024 maximum resolution and 0.294 mm dot pitch, onscreen images are crisp and accurate, while a 700

Apple Computer POWERBOOK G4-667 MHZ 30GB 256MB 15.2 WIDE CDRW/DVD GB ENET FIREWIRE

Ample proof that good things come in (very) small packages, Sonys new PCG-V505AX notebook is one of the first mobile computers to offer Pentium 4 processing in an ultralightweight format. And thats just one of several surprises youll find in this tiny and innovative powerhouse. Measuring a mere 1.38 by 10.9 by 9.54 inches and tipping the scales at just 4.34 pounds, the Vaio PCG-V505AX is easy to take with you in any situation. Yet you arent forced to sacrifice power for this level of portability. The unit is driven by a snappy 1.8 GHz Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor, a surprising 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a 16 MB ATI Mobility Radeon graphics chipset. As a result, the Vaio PCG-V505AX will efficiently handle every application a full-size desktop PC can operate, with the exception of the latest crop of 3-D games and animation packages. Distinguished from its close cousin, the Vaio PCG-V505AXP, by virtue of its slightly larger hard disk (40 GB vs. 30 GB), the PCG-V505AX is ready for most common data storage and transfer needs. Although it cant record DVDs, it will allow you to watch movies, burn and play music compilations, listen to retail CDs, and back up important files and data via its combination DVD/CD-RW drive. Sony has pre-installed an impressive variety of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Money 2003 Standard, and a broad array of audio, video, and photo utilities.

Pocketec (251) Emma Wine PVC Women's Comp Bag

Finally! An easy, simple way to open the factory seal and shrink wrap on CDs and DVDs. If youve ever struggled trying to free a new music or video disk from its package and wondered why they have to make it so hard, then the EZ-CD Combo opener is for you.

As the junior member of Sonys midlevel Vaio PCG-GRZ series of notebook computers, the PCG-GRZ610 shares many characteristics with its more expensive siblings, the most notable of which is a sensible tradeoff between performance and affordability. The PCG-GRZ610 is just slightly less powerful than its pricier counterparts. Nevertheless, powered by a 2 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor and an impressive 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to a full 1,024 MB), the unit is ready for most standard mobile computing applications. Its 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500C graphics chipset may have trouble smoothly rendering complex 3-D games and animations but will easily handle everything else. Sony has included an ample 40 GB hard disk and a removable DVD/CD-RW combo drive through which you can watch movies, record and play audio CDs, and back up data. You cannot burn DVDs with this unit unless you add an external DVD-RW drive. Measuring 1.8 by 12.9 by 10.7 inches, the PCG-GRZ610 is of average size. It is, however, rather lightweight at 6.9 pounds with one battery or 7.5 pounds with battery and optical drive. Sony has installed a large 15-inch XGA TFT viewing screen (1,024 x 768 resolution) and integrated stereo speakers to enhance your multimedia experience, and an 86-key QWERTY keyboard with electrostatic touchpad to help you better control your applications. Other practical amenities include a Memory Stick media slot, three USB ports, a super-fast IEEE 1394 port for data transfers from peripherals such as digital camcorders, a 56K modem for low-speed Internet and e-mail access, and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface for high-speed connectivity. The PCG-GRZ610 is preloaded with a wide variety of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Money 2003, Microsoft Works, and an impressive array of audio, video, and photo utilities.

The new ThinkPad T60 notebook computer is the ideal solution for frequent travelers who need high performance in a lightweight package.

7-inch LCD touch screen with handwritten input support and solid security protection - The R2H offers full PC functions and more!

iSkin slims are an easy and simple way for you to give your iPod nano  surface protection and stylistic flare. Originally part of the iSkin Duo for iPod nano, we have now created a wider selection of colours and combination possibilities for the iPod nano , which includes a sleek glow-in-the-dark skin. iSkin slims give you easy access to all iPod controls. Available in a convenient 5-pack, iSkin slims give your iPod a more looks to suit all your moods.  In addition, iSkin's unique dual layer design combines an impact protecting polycarbonate layer with a soft silicone inner layer to help give your iPod the best protection

The Sony Vaio PCG-GRV670P notebook PC is a portable multimedia workshop packed with serious power and a 16-inch high-resolution screen. The hot-swappable multi-bay supports the removable CD-RW/DVD-ROM combo drive for recording your favorite video, music and data, or optional second battery for added mobility out on the road. The i.LINK (IEEE-1394) digital interface provides fast, easy download connectivity to Sony digital camcorders. It also delivers a fast 2.6 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of installed RAM, 40 GB hard drive, Windows XP Professional, and a bevy of bonus Sony multimedia software.  The Basics  Hard Drive

These hard to find covers are perfect for protecting unused USB female ports in our panel mount couplers or any expensive equipment from physical damage, dirt and dust.  Made from soft ABS, these covers attach easily and stay in place with a snug friction fit. Color is black.

Mastering grade 24-bit/192kHz converters - the same A/D converters used in Digidesign's flagship ProTools HD 192 I/O Interface delivering an amazing 120dB signal-to-noise ratio.Hardware-accelerated effects - over 600 standalone and E-MU Power FX VST plug-in effects with no CPU overhead.PatchMix DSP zero-latency hardware mixing and monitoring - with super-flexible patchbay - no external mixer needed.Comprehensive analog and digital I/O plus MIDI - 12 inputs and 12 outputs, plus MIDI I/O.Compatibility with most popular audio/sequencer applications - ultra-low latency 24-bit/192kHz ASIO 2.0 and Stereo WDM drivers.Modular design allows you to customize your system - add a MicroDock to your 1212M for increased analog and digital connectivity and/or connect E-MU's Sync Daughtercard to your Digital Audio System for SMPTE, Word Clock and MTC sync.E-MU Production Tools Software Bundle - includes Cakewalk SONAR LE, Steinberg Cubase LE and Wavelab Lite, Ableton Live Lite 4 for E-MU, IK Multimedia AmpliTube LE and T-RackS EQ, Minnetonka diskWelder BRONZE, SFX Machine LT, plus E-MU's Proteus X LE Desktop Sound Module - everything you need to create, record, edit, master and burn is in the box.

This 2-to-1 RJ45 Splitter Cable Adapter increases the number of RJ45 network connections on an RJ45 outlet, allowing two 10/100 Ethernet signals through a single Cat5/Cat5e wire. Please note that the RJ45 Splitter cable requires a second RJ45 Splitter cable at the opposite end of the line.

MATH BLASTER PRE-ALGEBRA LAB PACK (5)

This HP 751N desktop can help you with both your office and multimedia needs. At the heart of this PC is a 1.8GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 80GB UltraDMA hard drive, and 256MB DDR SDRAM memory. ThatM-^Rs plenty of power to take care of work or create and save your own music, video, and digital image CDs with the CD-RW drive. You can even watch movies on the DVD-ROM drive. And with a 10/100 Ethernet interface and IEEE 1394 ports you can also stay well connected. MONITOR SOLD SEPARATELY

Planar XP17WSA 17

SBP2 Features

Made from leather, the torino is a stylish and organized classic laptop tote from Nunzia. Great look for the professional setting and versatile enough for a weekender. The Torino designer bag will hold your notebook computer, laptop, pen tablet, or one really large PDA, along with all of your makeup and accessories. It's a fashion handbag that is part briefcase - part purse, carrying your business documents as well as your cosmetics.

Netgear's Cable /DSL 54 Mbps Wireless Router lets you experience the blazing-fast network wireless speeds of 54 Mbps up to five times faster than the popular 802.11b wireless network. These higher speeds make it a snap to web surf, download large files, videoconference, stream high-quality digital movies, MP3 music and photos and play online games.		This wireless router also works with 802.11b devices. Auto-sensing chooses the fastest connections possible on your 10/100 Mbps wide area network and four local area network ports. True Firewall advanced security provides maximum protection from professional hackers. URL blocking and e-mail alerts provide parents with controls to limit access to inapproriate web sites and monitor children's access. Simple to install, you just follow the cues shown on your PC screen and your router will be up and running in no time.		Smart Wizard auto-detects and configures for the best ISP connection, while UPnP (Universal Plug and Play) makes it easy to use your computers, gaming consoles and other client devices- wireless and Ethernet.

Extra sturdy caddy with custom saucer. Holds 250 lbs. 4 casters for optimum balance. Welded caster stems for added strength. Custom fitted saucer with water wells for proper drainage. "Water Wells" offer a dry platform, enabling overflow water to escape the bottom of the planter for the health of the plant's root system.

Mechatronics 60x60x30mm AC Fan w/ 36" Power Cord (UF60D12)

Intel - Core 2 Duo - T7200 - 2 GHz - DDR2 SDRAM - 1 GB - Serial ATA - 120 GB - 5400 Rpm - 8xSuperMulti DVDRW Dual layer - 12.1 Inch - Bluetooth;IEEE 802.11a;IEEE 802.11b;IEEE 802.11g - Windows Vista Home Premium

Including a basic yet sufficient feature set and power enough for most  everyday computing tasks, the Apple iMac is a good option for those seeking an  affordable desktop. Powered by a 500 MHz PowerPC G3 chip and including 64 MB of  RAM (expandable to 1,024 MB) and a 20 GB hard disk, this system has the  fundamentals covered. Its 24x (read), 8x (write), and 4x (rewrite) CD-RW drive  helps out in the multimedia department, as does the ATI Rage 128 Ultra graphics  card. The system is housed in an integrated unit that includes a 15-inch display  with a 13.8-inch viewable area. Both the classic Mac OS 9 and the slick new Mac  OS X come installed.	Apple iMac DV G3 500MHZ 64MB 20GBCDRW 56K INDIGO

This compact gender changer allows you to quickly and easily connect two 15-pin VGA cables together to form an extension.

SanDisks Ultra II is the high-performance digital memory solution for the photo enthusiast. This family of outstanding memory cards provides the durability and high-speed quality needed for advanced amateur photographers and photo enthusiasts. The SanDisk Ultra II 2GB CF card now offers a faster read and write speed of 15 megabytes per second (15MB/sec), up from the previous Ultra II 10MB/ sec read and 9MB/ sec write speeds. The higher capacity and faster read/write speed means that now you can capture more photos and more hours of video while spending less time waiting between shots and less time uploading those images to your computer.

8x8 Via TV VC105 Set-Top Videophone Video conferencing device - black

This product is designed for EF 70-200 f/4L, EF 300 f/4L, EF 400 f/5.6L only. Item Specifications

Are you a dancing machine? Have you got all the right moves? Do your toes twinkle? If you answered "yes" to any of these questions, it's about time you step up your game with the Professional Series Universal Dancepad. Lay it down on your living room floor, and turn an everyday gathering spot into a whirling, twirling dance hall. 		Designed to be used with the Dance Dance Revolution series for your PlayStation 2, Xbox or Nintendo Gamecube, this padded controller is great for getting the dance party into full swing. Pop in any of your favorite dance games and get moving. The plastic and vinyl material will stand up to even the most aggressive dancing dynamo.

Slappa SL-PSP-11 The PSP HardBody Complete case features the same highly protective xEVA shell as SLAPPA's award-winning HardBody CD and DVD line. It offers a storage capacity capable of carrying a gamer's full PSP collection, yet it is highly portable for travel. The design is rounded out with a rainproof zipper and two rubber molded zipper pullers for an all-inclusive and sleek PSP storage case. Three internal storage compartments offer protection and organization for the PSP and accessories. The first compartment includes three scuba-prene cases for PSP, headphones and UMD storage. The second compartment features six soft UMD pockets and the third compartment has a cargo net for power cord storage. Features

The NVIDIA SLI-Ready GeForce 7600 graphics processing units (GPUs) unleash extreme HD gaming and video on the PC. Featuring the award-winning GeForce 7 Series architecture, the GeForce 7600 GPUs deliver smooth, realistic gaming at ultra-high resolutions. Additionally, the GeForce 7600 GPUs bring high-definition, home-theater quality video to the PC through the acclaimed NVIDIA PureVideo technology.

All work and no play can make for a dull portable computer user. Finding an affordable PC thats well equipped for both operating modes at home and on the road can be a challenge. But the Hewlett-Packard Pavilion ze4115 provides the solution. This notebook PC combines a powerful, relatively lightweight package with a combination DVD/CD-RW drive for enjoying the latest DVD blockbusters and making your own CDs and backups. The ze4115s AMD Athlon XP 1500+ processor easily provides the computing stamina to handle the gamut of productivity and multimedia computing tasks. At roughly 6.4 pounds and scarcely more than 1.5 inches thick, the ze4115 is a slim, light model featuring a 14.1-inch, active-matrix TFT display coupled with an ATI Mobility Radeon 4X AGP (including 3-D architecture for cutting-edge gaming). A DVD/CD-RW combination drive (24x/8x/8x, 8x DVD) nicely rounds out the package. But it doesnt end there. The ze4115 serves up healthy portions of memory and storage. Its 30 GB hard drive gobbles large application and data files, and its 256 MB of 266 MHz DDR SDRAM--expandable to a maximum of 1,024 MB--buzzes through any software. An integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN (RJ-45) connector makes it simple to network the ze4115. External ports include two USB inputs, a 25-pin parallel port, a serial connector, a PS/2 keyboard-mouse connector, and 15-pin VGA and S-video TV-out plugs. The notebook includes a 56K integrated modem with an RJ-11 connector. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, the HP RecordNow CD-RW recording utility, ArcSoft Funhouse and PhotoImpression editing tools, Corel WordPerfect and Quattro Pro productivity applications, Quicken Financial Center by Intuit, Encyclopedia Britannica Ready Reference, Wild Tangent 3-D games, Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 with a three-month live update.

If you're looking for a well-equipped but still affordable multimedia, gaming, or home and family system, you'll like the Presario 5102US. It has a fast AMD Athlon processor running at 1 GHz, 128 MB RAM (expandable to 720 MB), and a 40x read/8x write CD-RW drive. A 40 GB hard disk drive provides ample storage for all but the most demanding multimedia applications, and a 56K modem and 100 Mbps networking are included. The installed operating system is Windows Me, Microsoft's consumer-oriented platform.	The Compaq Presario 5000 series provides incredible Internet power with the expandability you need for an unbeatable value. Fast and smooth multimedia applications along with easy-to-connect ports are just some of the 5000 series user-friendly features. All Compaq Presario 5000 series PCs feature the Easy Access Internet Keyboard, which puts Internet, and multimedia controls right at your fingertips. One-touch buttons make the Web a more manageable and fun experience. The Presario tool-less access makes it simple to upgrade the memory, add or change the hard drive or just check out the inside of your computer.  Compaq Presario 5000 series Internet PCs are just right for you. Designed to meet your uncompromising demands, the Presario 5000 series further establishes Compaq's commitment to offering high-performance, feature-rich Internet computers at a great value for consumers. The Presario brand delivers what they seek, cutting-edge computing performance with dynamic speed, and audio and visual capabilities. It is a well-designed tool, which is loaded with innovative technology and the latest features.

Featuring an all-in-one design--DVD, hard and floppy disk drives, and a  one-touch Internet access button--the Satellite 1800 series offers high-end  features without breaking the piggy bank. Included are a 1.1 GHz Intel Celeron  processor, a 14.1-inch TFT active-matrix display, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to  512 MB), a DVD/CD-RW multifunction drive, a 20 GB hard drive, 10/100Base-T  Ethernet, V.90/56K modem, and Windows XP Home Edition pre-installed.

It wasnt so long ago that notebook owners were forced to sacrifice performance for convenience and mobility. Now, with products such as the Sony Vaio PCG-GRZ660 notebook computer, power and portability go hand in hand. Sporting a potent 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor and an impressive 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to a whopping 1,024 MB), the PCG-GRZ660 will effortlessly drive even the most demanding PC-based application. The units 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500C graphics chipset may have trouble smoothly drawing complex 3-D games and animations but will easily handle everything else. Combine all of the above with a large 40 GB hard disk and a combination DVD-RW/CD-RW drive--through which you can store home movies, watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters, and burn and play audio CDs--and the PCG-GRZ660 becomes a very versatile and capable machine. Measuring 1.8 by 12.9 by 10.7 inches, the unit is of average size. It is, however, rather lightweight at 6.9 pounds with one battery or 7.5 pounds with battery and optical drive. Sony has installed a large 15-inch XGA TFT viewing screen (1,024 x 768 resolution) and integrated stereo speakers to enhance your multimedia experience, and an 86-key QWERTY keyboard with electrostatic touchpad to help you better control your applications. Other useful amenities include a Memory Stick media slot, three USB ports, a super-fast IEEE 1394 port for data transfers from peripherals such as digital camcorders, a 56K modem for low-speed Internet and e-mail access, and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface for high-speed connectivity. The PCG-GRZ660 is preloaded with a broad array of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Money 2003, Adobe Premiere LE, and an impressive variety of audio, video, and photo utilities.

Adjustable mounting legs provides easy access to your aquarium securely holding the aqua light fixture in place. Can not be used with the aqua light plus, pro or mini. Dimensions

Format Compatibility MP3/WMA compatible (ID3 tagging) with Digital Rights Management (DRM) Display Backlit 4-line LCD display Product Features Internal 1" 2GB hard disk drive 1000 WMA songs at 64kbps for over 67 hours of music 500 MP3 songs at 128kbps for over 33 hours of music Mass storage compliance with Plug-n-play function (except Win 98) Store music, pictures, and data Playback time

Utilizing USB 'Plug and Play' technology the Targus Mobile Mini Keypad offers immediate access to the benefits of an external keypad in a format that is optimal for the mobile professional. The lightweight ergonomic design is ideal for anyone using spreadsheet accounting or financial applications. The retractable 24" USB cable allows for hassle-free use in a slim portable package. The Targus USB Mobile Mini Keypad is the ideal accessory for anyone who is concerned with efficiency and convenience. Primary InformationInput Device Type

Standard Antiglare LiteView Tint Monitor Filter Standard Antiglare FilterWith or without radiation/static protection. Reduces more than 99% of glare to help relieve headaches, eyestrain and fatigue. LiteView TintMaximizes screen brightness and increases color definition. Value-priced, quality filter reduces glare to relieve eye strain and fatigue. Hanging flat frame features adjustable clips to provide a customized fit. Manufacturers one-year warranty. Antiradiation/Antistatic/Antiglare AntiradiationConductive coatings and ground wire help to dissipate ELF/VLF E-field radiation. AntistaticGround wire lessens static charge while reducing dust buildup and the risk of data loss. AntiglareMultiple layers of optical coatings eliminate glare and reflections from nearby light sources. ELF/VLF E-FieldElectromagnetic radiation produced by computer monitors, measured as Extra Low and Very Low Frequency. Fits 16-17 CRT Monitors or 17 LCD Monitors Platinum

''3XFire Button" no more double click! In game-play this powerful and useful ''3XFire Button" fires 3 times with just one click. Avoid error in operation efficiently while allowing you to focus on the crosshair with the target aimed. In office operation with A4tech convenient''3XFire Button" you can swiftly turn a double click operation into just one click. This is not only convenient in opening files applications but also a ''cell" in Microsoft Excel Sheets. Work efficiently and never miss the 2nd click with "3Xfire" button today!

The new Deep Sky Imager is the latest innovation from Meade Instruments and represents a revolutionary breakthrough in CCD astro-imaging. The Deep Sky Imager is a high-performance, easy-to-use color CCD camera that allows every astronomer to shoot and process stunning deep sky photographs of galaxies, nebulae, star clusters and planets their first night out. USB 2.0 High SpeedThe New Meade Deep Sky Imager features a fast USB 2.0 High Speed connection. This will allow fast data transfer. The actual download time for daytime or planetary imaging is up to 5 frames per second. For longer exposures the download time is ? a second in order to sustain a higher signal to noise ratio. There is virtually no delay between the time the image is taken and when it appears on your computer screen. The Deep Sky Imager is also backward compatible with USB 1.1. Deep Sky Imager is Convection CooledThe Deep Sky Imager draws away heat from the CCD sensor with Meade?s proprietary ?Convection cooling? design, allowing longer exposures with less noise. Less Noise Means More DataWith Meade?s proprietary collection of noise reduction techniques managing the data coming from the imaging chip, you get more data for every second of exposure. No Compression, no LossYou get all the data from your Deep Sky Imager without compression, and that means no loss of information in your raw images. So no matter if you take image for beauty or for science, Deep Sky Imager will give you the results you need. No Batteries RequiredJust plug the Deep Sky Imager?s USB 2.0 High Speed cable into your laptop and you are ready to image or autoguide. No other power supplies are needed. The Meade Deep Sky Imager is the Perfect Choice for Beginner to Intermediate Astrophotographers

The Basics Built for business but perfectly capable of handling virtually any professional, personal or entertainment application, the HP Compaq NX7000 Business Notebook is a superior general use mobile computer that has no real weak spot. Indeed, if you want a well-balanced machine, the NX7000 is it. The unit features adequate power for most any task yet isn't particularly tough on the batteries. It's equipped with a large DVD-friendly widescreen display yet isn't overly cumbersome. And for games and other 3D applications, the NX7000 won't slow to a crawl, as will many other similarly priced notebooks. Though you should turn elsewhere for state-of-the-art speed, you needn't look anywhere else if you want a solid and versatile unit that'll remain valuable for a long time to come. Processor At the heart of any computer lies the CPU (or processor), a massive collection of miniature transistors that governs the speed and power of the entire unit. Some of today's notebooks are equipped with high-end CPU's on par with those found in top-of-the-line desktop PCs, while others are quick enough only for basic duties such as word processing, email and the like. The NX7000 is equipped with an Intel Pentium M processor 735 running at 1.6 GHz. This is one of three components that comprise Intel's efficient Centrino system (the others being a specialized Intel chipset and integrated wireless support). Centrino-equipped notebooks are generally smaller, easier on the batteries, and more versatile than their non-Centrino counterparts. This particular CPU is a bit dated in that it isn't one of this year's brand new and revamped Pentium M models that sport upgraded Level 2 cache for even faster access to your most critical information. Yet, being a Pentium M, it does incorporate greater Level 2 cache than many other standard notebook CPUs and therefore is faster than its rated clock speed might indicate. It will easily handle most common mobile tasks. Memory Computers typically store information on their hard drive, but they keep frequently and recently accessed data in Random Access Memory (RAM) for faster retrieval. Increased RAM means more efficient computing, superior multitasking and less strain on your hard drive. The NX7000 sports 512 MB of 266 MHz RAM, a typical allotment and speed for most midlevel notebooks and certainly enough for standard multitasking demands. Ultra-demanding users can upgrade the system's maximum allowable memory to a whopping 2 GB. Video CPU's are usually so busy doing basic calculations that they need assistance translating visual output to the viewing screen. This is the duty of the graphics card (or graphics controller). The finest graphics controllers feature on-board "dedicated" video memory rather than "sharing" portions of the system's all-important main memory. This notebook features an ATI Mobility Radeon 9200 with 64 MB of dedicated video RAM, and thusly is able to smoothly display all 2D and most 3D applications such as games and animation. Keep in mind though that a serious gaming notebook will include 128 or 256 MB of video RAM. Display The NX7000 is equipped with an oversize 15.4-inch display. Not only is this display larger than that of many desktop PCs -- thus making it great for presentations -- but it's also capable of an extremely detailed 1680 by 1050 maximum resolution. Moreover, its widescreen format is perfectly suited to widescreen DVD movies.   Hard Disk The system's 60 GB hard drive offers lots of room for storing programs, user-created data files, and an impressive library of music and video files and digital photos too.  Optical Drive An optical drive is essential in today's computing environment. A "CD-ROM" drive allows you to install CD-based applications and play music CDs. A "CD-RW" drive adds CD "burning", so you can also backup your important files to long-lasting discs and create personalized music CDs. With a DVD-ROM drive you can watch DVD movies. And with a DVD-RW drive, you can "write" home movies to durable discs and archive files to DVD (DVDs boast more than seven times the storage capacity of a CD). Most drives allow you to do a combination of these tasks. This unit includes a DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive through which you can perform all of the above actions other than DVD burning. Audio The pair of integrated JBL Pro-designed speakers ensures comparatively loud, clean audio. Keyboard and Controls You'll control your notebook via a full-size keyboard and touch pad. Connectivity and Expansion The NX7000 offers a wide variety of ways to keep in touch, including a 56K modem for low-speed dial-up Internet and email access, a 10/100 LAN port for high-speed wired network and Internet, and integrated 802.11b wireless technology for fast cord-free e-communication at home, at the office or on the road via a public hotspot. Other key amenities include three high-speed USB 2.0 ports for plug and play devices such as external drives and digital cameras, an IEEE 1394 FireWire port (commonly used for quick data uploads from digital camcorders), and infrared technology for wireless interaction with infrared-equipped peripherals.   Operating System and Software The bundled software package is headed by today's most advanced operating system, Microsoft's Windows XP Professional Home Edition. Dimensions and Weight Notebook computers are manufactured in a wide variety of sizes and weights. Many of today's most powerful notebooks are also the largest, weighing ten or twelve lbs or more and therefore too big and cumbersome for extensive, continuous traveling. These are often referred to as "desktop replacements". On the other extreme are "thin and lights" or "ultra-portables", super-miniaturized units that typically aren't as powerful as their larger brethren but weigh as little as two lbs and will often fit comfortably inside a large purse. At 7.6 lbs and 1.36 inches thick, the NX7000 is a bit below average notebook size and therefore comfortably portable.

Don't be fooled by the Presario 2805US notebook's lightweight, sleek design. A fast processor, excellent 3-D graphics, and a built-in DVD/CD-RW drive make it comparable to many leading-edge desktop systems, and therefore an excellent choice for students or home users who need portability but aren't willing to sacrifice performance. The Presario sports a slim profile at 10.1 by 12.48 by 1.3 inches. It weighs only 5.7 pounds, making it ideal for occasional adventures, but may not be light enough for the hard-core road warrior. Intel's 1.4 GHz Pentium 4 processor gives this system enough horsepower for practically any task. It's more than adequate for office and Internet applications, and the built-in 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500 graphics are ready to take on the latest in 3-D games. Those graphics can be output to either the 1,024 x 768 14.1-inch XGA TFT display, an external monitor, or, using the S-video output, to your TV set. The system comes with a generous 256 MB of 266 MHz DDR memory, which can be upgraded to 1 GB, and a large 20 GB UltraDMA hard drive. The hot-swappable 24x/8x/8x CD-RW/DVD drive  both plays DVD movies and can write CD-R or CD-RW disks. Using this DVD capability in conjunction with the S-video output lets this notebook do double duty as a portable DVD player. The built-in JBL Pro Audio speakers with Bass Reflex offer excellent stereo output for music, movies, and games. In terms of connectivity, the notebook includes both a built-in 56K modem for dial-up Internet connections and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet adapter for broadband Internet and home networking. Two USB ports, a parallel port, and an infrared port connect the system to peripherals. There's no IEEE 1394 (FireWire) jack, though, for connecting to digital camcorders; to add that feature you'd need to use the notebook's sole PC Card slot. The excellent software bundle makes this notebook a powerful tool right out of the box. Microsoft's easy-to-use Works 6.0 provides important functions like a word processor and spreadsheet, while Money 2001 lets you manage your finances on the PC. Norton AntiVirus 2002 protects your system against viruses, and a one-year subscription to Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe lets you access a full-featured multimedia encyclopedia. Roxio's Easy CD Creator makes it easy to create your own music CDs or back up important data to the CD-RW drive.

These batteries use a Nickle Metal Hydride - NIMH - Energy Core for long-life charge capacity / AA Size

USB Black Finger Track Ball. Features

Now there's even more to love about Apple's iBook notebook. Weighing in  at an easily portable 4.9 pounds and featuring a 600 MHz PowerPC G3 processor, a  20 GB hard drive, and 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 640 MB)--plus AirPort  wireless networking and FireWire, USB, and Ethernet ports--the iBook connects to  hundreds of peripherals designed to fit your life. This system features a brilliant 12.1-inch TFT XGA active-matrix display and  razor-sharp 1,024 x 768 resolution. It's the perfect place for doing everything  from working on spreadsheets to displaying your movies and digital pictures in  millions of colors (incidentally, the iBook display scales down beautifully,  again with millions of colors, for special games and applications optimized for  800 x 600 or 640 x 480 resolutions).  Included is a CD-ROM drive for playing games and music CDs, as well as the  option to upgrade with a DVD-ROM for enjoying DVD movies. The 600 MHz iBook  ships with a 20 GB Ultra ATA hard disk drive, or upgrade to an optional 30 GB  hard drive for even more storage space. In addition, this system comes with the  ATI Rage Mobility 128 graphics accelerator with 8 MB of SDRAM and AGP 2x support  for gorgeous 3-D graphics. The iBook also comes loaded with iPhoto, the cool new software application in  the easy-to-use tradition of iTunes, iMovie, and iDVD. iPhoto makes it a snap to  manage your digital pictures. You can present them in a full-screen slide show  (accompanied by your favorite music), e-mail them to your family and friends,  print them on your inkjet printer, order Kodak prints over the Internet, or have  them made into custom-printed, linen-bound books. In addition to handling digital photos with ease, the iBook lets you make your  own movies--and show them anywhere. Capture digital video footage on your DV  camcorder and turn it into engaging movies with the iMovie 2 software that comes  pre-installed. iMovie lets you transfer video clips from your digital camcorder  to your hard disk using the included FireWire port. Use iMovie to snip out the  boring parts and enhance the best parts with cool effects, transitions, and  titles. Then add a great soundtrack and you're done. Now watch your finished  movies full-screen on your iBook or use the iMovie Export feature to select from  a range of predefined QuickTime formats for creating and sharing movies. You  can, for example, compress your movies so you can burn them onto a CD or post  them on the Internet, or use the VGA video output port (for video mirroring on  an external display) and an AV port to show your movies and presentations on a  big-screen TV or projector (just add an optional Apple AV cable). For those interested in audio as well as video applications, the iBook comes  with iTunes 2, the software that lets you convert (or "rip") the songs on your  music CDs to MP3 format, simply by clicking a button. iTunes compresses  CD-quality audio files to about a tenth of their original size with very little  loss in audible quality. These significantly smaller file sizes enable you to  store thousands of songs on your iBook's hard disk drive.

Compaqs Presario 900 notebook series includes an impressive variety of models offering a full range of performance and features. The entry-level Presario 905US combines affordable computing power and multimedia features likely to entice value-minded road warriors who are equally serious about their work, games, and digital movies and music. The 905USs 1.2 GHz AMD Athlon XP 1400+ processor delivers cost-effective performance for a range of productivity applications, games, and DVDs. A built-in 8x DVD-ROM drive allows users to enjoy movies and music, both of which sound great on the notebooks integrated JBL Pro Performance Audio with Bass Reflex speakers. The notebooks 30 GB hard drive provides ample storage for data and downloads, while its 256 MB of memory--expandable to 1 GB--and 256 KB of on-chip L2 cache make it easy to run multiple applications without sacrificing performance. An ATI Radeon IGP integrated graphics card and 16 MB of shared video memory deliver resolution of up to 1,024 x 768 on the 905USs integrated 14.1-inch TFT XGA display or up to 1,600 x 1,200 noninterlaced on an external monitor. The 1.5-by-12.8-by-10.6-inch, 6.5-pound notebook includes an integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet port and 56K V.92 PCI modem. Expansion slots include one Type I/II PC Card slot with support for a 32-bit CardBus. The 905US also includes two USB 1.1 ports, a parallel SPP/ECP interface (DB25 connector), a PS2 mouse or keyboard port, an RJ-45 Ethernet jack and RJ-11 modem jack, an S-video TV-out port, and an external VGA monitor port. Installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Works 6.0, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Encarta Online Deluxe Encyclopedia (one-year subscription), InterVideo WinDVD, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 on CD.

Originally designed for use in educational institutions, the eMac is Apple's most affordable PowerPC G4-based system. It comes complete with a  17-inch flat CRT display and a space-saving, all-in-one design that fits right in your home, plus award-winning digital lifestyle applications and Mac OS X, Apple's rock-solid operating system. The eMac's PowerPC G4 processor with Velocity Engine is so fast that its performance is measured in gigaflops, or billions of floating-point operations per second. In fact, it uses the same 128-bit vector-processing technology featured in scientific supercomputers--just what you need to accelerate intensive multimedia calculations, import audio files, and create video transitions in iMovie. The bottom line is that the eMac G4 processor makes digital media creation faster--which in turn means that you can spend more time playing and creating and less time waiting. Not only will you do more (and faster) with the eMac, you'll see more, too. The eMac sports a 17-inch (16-inch viewable) flat CRT display. The display offers nearly 40 percent more viewing area than a 15-inch CRT, so you'll have almost 40 percent more workspace--perfect for viewing large images and multiple Web pages and documents. Since the screen is flat, there's less glare, making it easier on the eyes. The eMac's all-in-one design has some tremendous advantages as well. For instance, there aren't a lot of extra cords, so setup is simple and desktop clutter is kept to a minimum. And in addition to the stunning display, the AirPort-ready eMac comes with a built-in 10/100Base-T Ethernet port for  high-speed Internet access, plus FireWire, USB, and amazing stereo speakers--all in one compact computer that's smaller than most stand-alone PC displays. The eMac design is about the same size as the 15-inch-CRT-based iMac--8mm shorter, actually. And its body is made of polycarbonate plastic, the same material used to manufacture bulletproof glass. The eMac comes with a CD-RW drive, perfect for playing CD-ROMs and burning your own music or data CDs. In addition, it provides you with the fastest and easiest way yet to access the Internet. It's so easy to set up and use, you'll be online and surfing the Web in minutes, using the 10/100Base-T Ethernet port for broadband (including DSL and cable modems) or the built-in 56K modem, or an optional AirPort card for working with the Web wirelessly. The Internet Setup Assistant appears the first time your eMac is turned on and automatically configures your system for your Internet service provider. All you need is an Ethernet connection or phone line--the eMac comes complete with everything else.

NEC's FE700+ monitor offers a flat aperture grille tube for enhanced picture clarity. Reduced glare and reflection make this a comfortable monitor with less eyestrain and fatigue. Great for home or business use, it provides a 16-inch viewable screen capable of up to a 1,280 x 1,024 pixel resolution. Additional features include OptiClear screen treatment which further reduces glare without distorting picture for high-contrast imaging. NEC's On-Screen Manager lets you tweak monitor settings through an on-screen menu system for quick and convenient adjustments. NEC covers this monitor with a three-year parts and labor warranty.	NEC FE700+BK FE700+BK - 17" (16"viewable), flat screen CRT, 1280X1024@ 66Hz, .25mm grille pitch, Black

Plug-and-Play ConnectivityHigh Resolution 800cpiLatest RF (27Mhz) Wireless TechnologyStandby Mode for Power SavingRubberized Scroll Wheel

IBM THINKPAD A21P P3-850 32GB 128MB W2K 15-VXGA DVD ENET 3COM 56K

Need a serial port? This high quality and inexpensive USB to serial adapter will provide a high-speed serial port for your serial application. Just connect it to the USB connection on your computer, and the adapter will automatically map in as a serial port through plug & play detection. (A driver may need to be loaded off the included CD-ROM disc, or you can download the latest drivers from the chipset maker Prolific.) There aren't any IRQ or COM port conflicts since no additional resources are required. Provides screw downs, and is 5 feet long, so you can go from the USB port directly to the 9-pin female serial connector on your device and screw it down for a secure connection. Compatible with Windows 98, 98SE, ME, 2000, 2003, XP, Vista, 7 and MAC OS8 & later.

Sony's VAIO PCV-RS220 delivers high-end processing power and strong multimedia capabilities at a reasonable price. Packed with all the tools you need for making movies, music or videos, the VAIO PCV-RS2200 "Digital Studio" should warrant serious consideration from all desktop users but particularly home-based directors and producers. Anchoring the VAIO PCV-RS220 is a 2.53 GHz Intel Pentium 4 CPU. This is a fast processor, especially when running in conjunction with the system's generous allotment of 512 MB PC-2100 266 MHz DDR memory (upgradeable to 1 GB). Sony has skimped just a bit on the 3-D capabilities by installing an Intel 845GV Integrated Graphics chipset with 64 MB shared memory. Though the unit will handle all 2-D and some 3-D tasks, it will require a graphics card upgrade to plow through the latest and greatest 3-D games and apps. Sony has equipped the VAIO PCV-RS220 with a massive 120 GB 7200 rpm ATA-100 hard disk, a 3.5-inch diskette drive, and a versatile DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive information, watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters and create your own DVDs. To ensure fast interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders and cameras, scanners and external drives, the system also features four high-speed USB 2.0 ports and two i.Link (FireWire) ports, one on the rear and another at the front. The VAIO PCV-RS220 features numerous other amenities, including a VGA monitor port, two PS/2 ports, a pair of freestanding stereo speakers, a user-friendly VAIO Smart keyboard, and a PS/2 wheel mouse. Sony has not included a monitor, thus allowing you to utilize your current display or select from the many alternatives currently available. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Corel WordPerfect Office 2002, Intuit Quicken 2003, and a wide variety of Sony's own multimedia utilities.

A great choice as a second computer for business travelers on the go, the Toshiba Portege 4000 might not be as fully packed as today's robust notebooks, but it can still get the job done. Plus, at just 4.4 pounds, it's easy to travel with. You'll be able to keep up with communications at the home office thanks to the built-in 54g wi-fi LAN, as well as Bluetooth wireless connectivity (enabling you to transfer data between the PC and cell phones or PDAs). This notebook offers a 750 MHz Intel Pentium III processor, 20 GB hard drive, 128 MB of installed RAM (1 GB maximum), DVD-ROM drive, and the Windows 2000 operating system.  The Basics  Hard Drive

Like its slightly more powerful cousin, the 5430US, Compaq's 5423US easily  handles most any application thrown its way and provides plenty of room for  expansion and future upgrades. In addition to the components that come standard  with the 5423US, this bundle includes Compaq's 15-inch MV540 monitor and IJ650  color inkjet printer, making this option an even smarter choice for those  seeking a state-of-the-art computing experience for a down-to-earth price. Topping the unit's impressive list of features is one of today's most potent  processors, Intel's 1.6 GHz Pentium 4. Although pricier than most alternative  processors, including Intel's own Celeron and Pentium III and AMD's Athlon and  Duron, Pentium 4 chips are generally faster where it counts most--clock speed.  And of the numerous Pentium 4 processors Intel currently markets, the 1.6 GHz  model is just a few rungs from the very top. For the 5423US, Compaq matches this capable Intel processor with more than  enough high-end memory to operate any program currently available and handle  most any conceivable level of multitasking. With 512 MB of RAM at your disposal,  it may be years until you even need to even contemplate upgrading to the one  full gigabyte the system supports. The 5423US offers something else most prebuilt computers do not--a decent video  card. Packed with a generous 64 MB of video memory, the system's nVidia GeForce2  MX graphics board will comfortably operate all 2-D and 3-D tasks and pump out  smooth frame rates and detailed textures at all but the absolute highest 3-D  game screen resolutions. Truly serious gamers may want the additional  performance perks of a GeForce3 or GeForce4 card, yet had best be prepared to  drop quite a few more dollars in the process. With the 5423US, data storage, movement, and backup should never be a problem.  Its monstrous 80 GB UltraDMA hard drive offers oodles of space for even the most  software-intensive workplace or gaming environment. Its 16x CD-RW drive permits  fast burning of audio and data backup or data transferal CDs. Its 3.5-inch  floppy disk drive supports any programs or files you might still store on a  floppy disk, and its 16x DVD drive smoothly and accurately plays your favorite  movies. And if you ever do want to add another drive, the unit's two spare  expansion bays are ready to accommodate.  The 5423US is packed with a variety of tools to enhance day-to-day computing. A  built-in 56K modem supplies basic Internet connection speed, and a 10/100 Mbps  Ethernet card offers multiple computer networking and high-speed Internet  potential. The system's Compaq USB Internet keyboard sports an assortment of  convenient one-touch multimedia and Internet controls, and its IEEE 1394  FireWire port supports fast data transfer between computers and peripheral  devices such as camcorders. Other important amenities include four USB ports (two of which are handily  positioned at the front of the case), a serial port for older mice and external  modems, a parallel "printer" port, and an integrated AC97 Soundmax II Audio chip  with support for Dolby Digital surround sound. Compaq has not included speakers  in the package, allowing users to choose and configure their own audio setup.  The list of pre-installed software includes the Home Edition of the Windows XP  operating system, Microsoft Money 2001, Microsoft Works 6.0, Quicken Financial  Center/Quicken New User Edition, and InterVideo WinDVD.

AG Neovo's S-18 LCD combines advanced technology with an intuitive, ergonomic design, making it ideal for professional applications and gaming, but accessible to novices for a rich Web-browsing experience. It offers high 200 cd/m2 brightness, high 300

With a PowerPC G3 chip running at 500 MHz, 64 MB of RAM (expandable to  1,024 MB), and a 20 GB hard disk, the iMac covers all the basics admirably for a  price that compares extremely well with similarly equipped desktops. Also  included in this iMac is a CD-ROM drive, an ATI RAGE 128 Ultra 3D graphics card,  a 56K modem, and a 10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC. The system is housed in an  integrated unit that includes a 15-inch display with a 13.8-inch viewable area,  and comes with both the classic Mac OS 9 and the slick new Mac OS X operating  systems installed.	Apple Computer IMAC G3 500MHZ 64MB 20GB CD 56K INDIGO

This wonderful little device lights up and lets you power six 3-pin tailed fans with just one 12volt 4-pin connector.

Amazingly light at portable at just under 4 pounds, the ViewSonic TPCV1250S-1003 convertible Tablet PC will help you keep productive wherever you go--from roaming the office to far-flung business trips. You'll be able to take notes directly on the 12.1-inch screen with the included stylus, or used the keyboard for advanced input functions. It features a battery-sipping 1 GHz Intel Pentium M processo with Centrino technology, which provides up to a 3-hour battery life. It also includes a 40 GB  hard drive, 512 MB of installed RAM, multi-format memory card reader, and 54g wireless connectivity. For a step up in price, the TPCV1250S-1303 includes a combo DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive.   The Basics  Hard Drive

Connect your DVD audio with this universal audio cable.

The Nexus NXP-305 Fan & Light Controller combines the functionality of fan control and cold cathode light activation into one single unit. It offers 3 separate channels, which can be adjusted to allow full control of the fan ranging from FULL SPEED to COMPLETELY OFF. This will cut down or eliminate unnecessary noise level by reducing the fan speed. The light activation function support 2 cold cathode lights. By adjusting to either ON, OFF, or SOUND ACTIVATED, it allows you to have full control of how you want to light up your case. Housed in a stylish aluminum casing designed to fit in any standard 3.5" drive bay with ultra-bright blue LED, the Nexus NXP-305 fan & light controller is the mod you have been waiting for!

Boost the performance of your digital camera, cellular phone, computer or portable CD player with the 64MB Dane Memory Stick. This Flash memory card offers a high level of compatibility with several major brands of electronic equipment. Small in size and weighing only 4 grams, the 64MB Memory Stick lets you record, listen to and transfer large amounts of data. Other features include a write-protect switch to ensure the integrity of stored data, 10-pin connector, 20MHz maximum frequency and 1.5MB/sec. maximum data transfer rate. Imported.

Sporting a suspended flat-screen LCD display and unique dome-shaped case, Apple's most recent iteration of the iMac is clearly one of today's most distinctive desktop computers. Yet the original iMac, with its stylish and practical all-in-one design and easy operation, continues to hold its own several years after its introduction and remains a popular choice for anyone who appreciates good value. Although this particular configuration is the least expensive classic iMac currently on the market, it's packed with enough goodies to satisfy most home-based and student users. Ready to go right out of the box, this iMac is powered by a cost-effective yet punchy 600 MHz PowerPC G3 processor, an adequate 128 MB of SDRAM (expandable to one full GB), and a 16 MB ATI Rage 128 Ultra 3-D graphics accelerator. While this configuration won't allow you to play the latest 3-D games or operate today's most complex applications, it will effectively handle common tasks such as Internet surfing, word processing, spreadsheets, and home finances, along with less demanding games. Apple has equipped the unit with a sensible 40 GB hard drive for your files and programs and a 24x CD-ROM drive through which you can install applications and play audio CDs. You'll listen to your music and games through the system's integrated Harman Kardon speakers, and view your work on a clean .28 mm dot pitch 15-inch (13.8 inches viewable) shadow-mask CRT display. Despite its diminutive size and affordable price, this iMac is ready for the future. Peripheral connections include four USB 1.1 ports (two of which are conveniently located on the keyboard) and two FireWire IEEE 1394 jacks for high-speed data movement to and from external peripherals such as digital camcorders and add-on hard drives. The system keeps you linked to the electronic world with an integrated 56K V.90 modem for low-speed Internet access and a 10/100Base-T Ethernet port for high-speed connections. Wireless Internet and e-mail access may be added with an optional AirPort card. The iMac also includes a built-in microphone for speech recognition and audio recording, a front-mounted headphone jack for private listening, and an optical mouse for precise cursor control. The enclosed Apple Pro keyboard features several one-touch multimedia and Internet buttons and a two-port USB hub. Your unit will arrive with an assortment of useful pre-installed applications, including Mac OS 9 and OS X, AppleWorks 6, iPhoto, iMovie 2, and iTunes 2.

Integraes with 4-port Fast Ethernet switch	provides 10/100 MBPS WAN interface to connect with DSL or cable modem for broadband internet access.	Built in NAT function--allows multiple PC's to share on internet connection	WEP encryption and WPA supported	IEE 802.11b and 802.11g

Ascend P50 PipeLine Router w/o Ac Adapter (unit only!)

Transcend Secure Digital Card (SDC) provides average 2MB/s data transfer rate. SD Host allows MultiMediaCard upward compatibility (data transfer and physical size based on MultiMediaCard standard). Transcend Secure Digital Card features write-protect switch and is compliant with the Secure Digital Music Initiative (SDMI) portable device requirements Primary InformationFlash Memory Type

Whether you're looking for a corporate, multimedia, or family desktop, Compaq's Presario 5310US is a solid choice. Just look at some of its features

One of Compaq's most affordable PCs, the Presario 4400US desktop  computer is a solid choice for those who can't afford or don't require the speed  and power of a pricey state-of-the-art machine. Powered by a reliable Intel 1.3  GHz Celeron processor with 256 KB of L2 cache, 128 MB of 133 MHz SDRAM, and an 8  MB accelerated video card, the 4400US offers plenty of oomph for applications  such as data management, word processing, Internet surfing, and some 3-D graphic  design. It is, however, less suitable for demanding 3-D applications such as  high-end graphics or gaming. The 4400US is far from a bare-bones machine. Compaq has taken advantage of  recent hard drive price drops to equip the unit with a sizable 40 GB hard drive.  It has included a fast 24x (write) CD-RW drive for recording and playing music  and archiving data, a 3.5-inch disk drive for archiving and transferring smaller  amounts of data, and a SoundMax III digital audio card for clean, accurate  sound. A spare bay is reserved for future drive expansion, four USB ports for  fun plug-and-play peripherals such as digital cameras and joysticks, a parallel  port for non-plug-and-play printers, and a serial port for older mice and  external modems. Online fans will love the unit's incorporated Compaq Internet keyboard. In  addition to the standard array of keys, it also offers several supplementary  buttons for convenient one-touch access to e-mail functions and favorite  Internet sites. Even the system's mouse is equipped with a Web-ready scroll  wheel for easier navigation. An integrated 56K modem delivers basic Internet  connection speed. In order to keep the price as low as it is, Compaq has not outfitted the 4400US  with a monitor or speakers. Prospective customers are thus given the freedom of  selecting separate components, a perfect situation for those who favor a certain  brand or style or may already own such equipment from a previous system. A copy  of the latest and most stable Microsoft operating system, Windows XP, and a  variety of multimedia, data protection, and Internet applications complete the  package.	Compaq PRESARIO 4400 CEL-1.3GHZ 128MB 40GB 24X CDRW 56K XPH

As a "plug and play" peripheral, the LaCie CD-RW Drive is easily configured to Macs running OS 9.1 or greater, as well as Windows 98SE, Me, 2000 and XP. Creating data, audio, photo and multi-media CDs has never been easier.   With hot-pluggable USB 2.0 technology, you can connect and disconnect your drive without shutting down your computer. The LaCie CD-RW is also supported by both the Mac OS and Windows, which means that the LaCie CD-RW Drive can be utilized by an entire department without costly down-time.  Shipped with comprehensive recording software, you'll be able to start burning immediately. The LaCie CD Utilities includes all of the necessary drivers and Easy CD Creator for the PC and Toast for the Mac, allowing you to create custom audio CDs, store files and archive your photographs.

Soft inside

Maxent 50  Plasma HDTV Monitor, MX-5020HPM Provides the ultimate large screen High Definition viewing experience for any great home theater.  MX-5020HPM features Maxent s exclusive DiamondBrite  Plasma panel with 10,000

As a second computer or a replacement for a desktop system, the Toshiba  Satellite Pro Notebook performs admirably. With a 15-inch, 1,024 x 768  active-matrix display, a combo CD-RW/DVD drive, and an 850 MHz Pentium III  processor, it has everything you need to enjoy multimedia. It also includes 128  MB of RAM, a 20 GB hard disk drive, and both a modem and Ethernet networking.  The installed operating system is Windows 98, an OS that, while less robust than  Windows 2000, can be easier to use and more forgiving if you plan to install a  wide assortment of peripherals.	Toshiba Sat Pro 4600 P3-850 20GB 128MB 98 15-SXGA DVD/CDRW WLAN ENET 56K

Compression driven woofers and titanium diaphragm tweeters High-temperature voice coils and aluminum diecast frame XLR, 1/4" mic and line inputs with built-in mixer XLR and 1/4" outputs for expansion Master, treble and bass controls Frequency response

As the junior member of HP's new Media Center series of personal computers, the Pavilion m260n Media Center Desktop PC offers multimedia friendliness and substantial speed but lacks some of the perks and high-end components of its pricier siblings, the Pavilion m270n and m280n. If you spend a good deal of your computing time playing rather than working, but must adhere to a budget, the m260n is worth a look. Driving the Pavilion m260n is a fast 2.6 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with Hyper-Threading technology (Intel's new process whereby single CPU systems partially mimic dual-CPU systems -- thus boosting performance during high-drain procedures such as multitasking). HP has added 512 MB DDR SDRAM (expandable to 1 GB) and a 64 MB nVidia GeForce4 MX graphics card with TV-interface and 64 MB dedicated video memory. Though gamers and serious 3-D artists will want to upgrade the graphics card, everyone else should find the stock system quite satisfactory for any application or environment. The Pavilion m260n delivers an impressive array of data handling options, including a massive 120 GB hard disk and two optical drives  a 48-speed CD-ROM drive for playing CDs, and a DVD+RW/CD-RW combo drive through which you can listen to and burn audio CDs, create home movie DVDs, backup your files and enjoy the latest Hollywood movies. To upload and download information from external devices such as digital camcorders, digital cameras and scanners, the system also features six fast USB 2.0 ports (two on the front), two FireWire interfaces (one front, one rear), and a 6-in-1 media card reader. Other amenities include a top of the line Media Center keyboard with multimedia hotkeys, a hassle-free USB optical scroller mouse (no moving mechanical parts), a 5.1 surround sound audio chipset, and Personal Video Recording functionality for direct capture of television broadcasts. To keep you in touch, the unit also features a low-speed 56K modem and high-speed 10/100Base-T networking. HP has not enclosed speakers or a monitor, thus allowing customers to select their favorites from the many models available today. More About Microsoft Windows XP Media Center     What sets this PC apart is that it is powered by Windows XP Media Center Edition 2004, which offers the features, reliability, and power of Windows XP Professional, plus advanced digital entertainment capabilities. The Media Center interface offers you more types of entertainment to enjoy

The NEC MultiSync FP1350X offers a flat screen and the clear, crisp images required by professionals in graphic-heavy fields. Recommended resolution is 1,600 x 1,200 with an 85 MHz refresh rate, ensuring your graphics will maintain the flicker-free perfection you demand.At 75 pounds, this monitor is bigger and heavier than other LCD flat screens, but it compensates with a substantially lower price. The viewable screen is 20 diagonal inches, large enough for serious gamers graphic designers alike. NEC offers a full three-year warranty that includes parts and labor.

Mini-omni speaker light.

If you like the all-in-one design of the iMac desktop but need more  power than entry-level units offer, this enhanced model may be right for you. It  includes a PowerPC G3 chip running at 600 MHz, 256 MB of RAM (expandable to a  gigabyte), and a 40 GB hard disk drive. That's big enough to store thousands of  MP3 music files, for example--and the included CD-RW drive makes it easy to burn  your own CDs. A 56K modem and 100 Mbps networking are standard. The system's  integrated case design, in a translucent white that Apple calls "snow," houses a  15-inch monitor with 13.8-inch viewable area. The system comes with both the  classic Mac OS 9 and the slick new Mac OS X installed.

Compaq's Presario 1215, with its speedy 1 GHz AMD Athlon processor and combination CD-RW/DVD drive, is an impressive-looking desktop-replacement or entertainment-oriented notebook. Yet its price is still comparatively low--though its weight, at 7.3 pounds, is on the high side. With its 14.1-inch XGA (1,024 x 768) display, 128 MB of RAM (expandable to 320 MB), a 20 GB hard disk drive, and modem and networking, it has just about all the features you could ask for in a notebook PC. The installed operating system is Windows Me, Microsoft's consumer-oriented platform, and Microsoft's lightweight Works suite is included as well.	Compaq Presario 1215 ATHLON-1GHZ 20GB 128MB 133MHZ SDRAM 14.1SXGA DVD W2K

Suit for PC-60 .PC-7.PC-A17.PC-A70.PC-A71.PC-A7010.PC-A7110.PC-A77.PC-A20.PC-A09.PC-A59.V-SERIES.

7T761 A01 DELL optical floppy dell 1 44mb lptp 2 5 lt rd 7t761 a01

The eMachines W6409 desktop is designed with powerful Intel Pentium 4 processing and Media Center features to enhance your productivity, expand your creativity and enjoy more of your digital content. 512MB DDR2 is optionally upgradeable to 2GB. An included 19" Widescreen LCD brings the ultimate viewing experience with sharp 700

GW-NS300N is backward compatible with 802.11b and 802.11g standards. It uses the powerful MIMO technology which has further coverage, less dead spots and higher throughput. When GW-NS300N is connecting to the standard 802.11b or 802.11g APs or routers, it can perform much better than other standard stations. It also supports WMM, WMM-PS and WMM-SA (IEEE802.11e QoS standard).		In addition, GW-NS300N supports higher data throughput than the IEEE802.11g standard (up to 300Mbps).		The best thing is that GW-NS300N has an innovative built-in WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) function which can build a connection between an AP and synchronize the encryption settings.

Weighing just 3.8 pounds, measuring 1.1" at the thinnest point and with battery life of up to 6 hours per full charge, the M4000 WideNote is designed to be carried comfortably all day, ensuring that you remain productive wherever you are for as long as you can. Sharp M4000 WideNote is an ultraportable laptop developed to maximize productivity among mobile professionals. Advanced Power Management software enables mobile users control the power levels of up to 11 subsystems to make sure they get the most battery life from their M4000. With Intel Centrino technology and 802.11b and 802.11g WiFi wireless integration and a 13.3" widescreen TFT display, the M4000 delivers uncompromising power and speed to get your work done with ease.  Optical Drive CD-R/RW & DVD-ROM      PCMCIA Type II x 1, CardBus port supported     I/O Ports USB 2.0 x 2, stereo headphone out, mic-in, LAN, modem, VGA out     Modem 56kbps, V.92 standard     LAN Wireless -  IEEE802.11b/g, Wired -  100BASE-TX/10BASE-T     Rechargeable Battery Life - Up to 6 hours per charge     Unit Weight 3.8 lbs     Included Software Network Setup Utility 2, Norton AntiVirus 2005, WinDVD with sharp-fx, Drag'n Drop CD+DVD v4, Adobe Reader

Item #

If youre shopping for a high-end portable computer that packs all the processing punch of a top-of-the-line desktop system, consider the Hewlett-Packard Pavilion ze5185 notebook PC a strong contender. The ze5185s lightning-fast processor and premium features will satisfy the most demanding needs at home or on the road, whether youre running advanced productivity applications, watching new DVD releases, or playing the hottest new games. The ze5185s 2.4 GHz Pentium 4 processor sizzles through virtually any software. Its 128-bit ATI Mobility Radeon 2- and 3-D architecture and dedicated 32 MB of DDR SDRAM, together with the ze5185s ultrahigh-resolution, 15-inch, active-matrix SXGA TFT display, elicit the full visual splendor of Hollywood blockbusters on DVD or 3-D simulator games. A built-in DVD/CD-RW combination drive (24x/8x/8x, 8x DVD) lets you watch movies on DVD, listen to and make CDs, and rapidly back up data. The ze5185 provides expansive memory and storage. Its 60 GB hard drive consumes large application and data files, and its 512 MB of DDR SDRAM--expandable to a maximum of 1,024 MB--lets you run multiple applications smoothly. An integrated 10/100Base-T Ethernet LAN (RJ-45) connector makes networking easy. The notebook offers a Type II or III CardBus-enabled PC Card slot. Ports include two USB inputs, a PCI port replicator, a FireWire high-speed connector, a 25-pin parallel port, a serial connector, a PS2 keyboard/mouse connector, and 15-pin VGA and S-video TV-out plugs. The ze5185 also includes a 56K integrated modem with RJ-11 connector. Bundled software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, HP Memories Disc slide show (home DVD player-compatible), InterVideo WinDVD, CyberLink PowerDirector Pro VE video-editing tools, HP RecordNow CD-RW recording utility, ArcSoft Funhouse and PhotoImpression image-editing tools, Corel WordPerfect and Quattro Pro productivity applications, Quicken Financial Center by Intuit, Encyclopedia Britannica Ready Reference, Wild Tangent 3-D games, Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0, and Norton AntiVirus 2002 with a three-month live update.

"MINTCRAFT" CHROME DOUBLE ROBE HOOK 		With double robe 	Concealed mounting 	Used for hanging clothes or towels 	Keep your robe off the floor 	Chrome finish. 	Carded.

The W3V is the 14W gateway that leads you into the cyber world. The lightweight notebook has everything it takes to deliver cinematic graphics display and realistic audio performance.

IBM 46P3099 Fan Assembly - TP R40 - 2681, 2682, 2683, 2684, 2685, 2896

Country

Designed for notebook users who appreciate power and performance over miniaturization, the Sony Vaio PCG-GRV670 notebook is a powerful machine thats just as at home on the road as on the desktop. Measuring 1.8 by 14 by 11.8 inches and tipping the scales at 8.1 pounds (with one battery) or 8.7 pounds (with battery and optical drive), the Vaio GRV670 is not particularly petite. It is, however, very fast. Driven by a commanding 2.6 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache, a 400 MHz bus, and 512 MB of DDR SDRAM memory (expandable to 1,024 MB), the unit is ready to blast through any computing situation. Sony has added an impressive 64 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 9000 video acceleration chipset to ensure youll make quick work of most graphics-intensive 3-D applications and all but the most demanding 3-D games. The only distinctions between the PCG-GRV670 and the pricier PCG-GRV680 are the size of the hard disk (40 GB vs. 60 GB) and the capabilities of the optical drive. This model features a combination DVD/CD-RW combo drive that allows you to burn and play audio CDs, watch movies, and back up data, whereas the PCG-GRV680 also supports DVD burning. Multimedia enthusiasts in particular will appreciate the systems massive 16-inch SXGA TFT viewing screen (1,280 x 1,024 resolution) and integrated stereo speakers. Other desirable amenities include a Memory Stick media slot, three USB ports, and a fast IEEE 1394 port for data transfers from peripherals such as digital camcorders. The unit delivers 1.5 to 3.5 hours of battery life with one battery attached and 3 to 7 hours with an optional second battery installed in its multipurpose bay. Sony has pre-installed an impressive variety of software, including Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition, Microsoft Money 2003 Standard, and a broad array of audio, video, and photo utilities.	GRV670 NB P4/2600 512MB-40GB DVD CDRW 16IN WXPH

As the junior member of Sony's new Vaio PCV-RZ2 series of "Digital Studio" PCs, the Vaio PCV-RZ22G desktop offers solid performance and exceptional multimedia capabilities at a considerably more affordable price point than that of its power-packed siblings, the state-of-the-art PCV-RZ26G or the PCV-RZ24G. If speed is what you crave, the Vaio PCV-RZ22G delivers. Outfitted with a fast 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of premium PC-2700 333 MHz DDR memory (expandable to 1 GB), and a 533 MHz bus, it's ready to blast through all but the most demanding applications. The system's graphics card, a TV tuner-equipped 64 MB nVidia GeForce4 MX440, will handle the vast majority of applications but may have some problems smoothly rendering ultrahigh-end 3-D games and drawing or animation packages. When it comes to data storage and movement, Sony has left nothing to chance. The Vaio PCV-RZ22G is fitted with a large 80 GB 7,200 rpm Ultra ATA/100 hard disk for your frequently accessed programs and files, a 3.5-inch floppy disk drive for older or smaller applications, and a combination DVD-RW/CD-RW drive through which you can burn and play audio CDs, archive information, watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters, and create your own DVDs. To ensure fast interaction with peripherals such as digital camcorders, scanners, and external drives, the system also features a half-dozen high-speed USB 2.0 ports and front- and rear-mounted IEEE 1394 FireWire connectors. The Vaio PCV-RZ22G features numerous other amenities, including a VGA/DVI port for flat-panel displays, an S/PDIF out, two PS/2 ports, a pair of freestanding stereo speakers, and a handy Vaio Smart keyboard. Sony has not included a monitor, allowing you to use your current display or select from the many available alternatives.

The PowerBook notebook is a solid choice for business users seeking a  highly portable notebook. Weighing in at a mere 5.3 pounds and with a height of  just 1 inch, this unit is easily one of the most compact on the market and an  ideal option for notebook users on the go. Some of its more impressive features  include a 667 MHz PowerPC G4 processor, 512 MB of RAM (expandable to 1,024 MB),  a 30 GB hard disk, and a 6x DVD-ROM drive. Also included are a 56K modem, a  10/100 Mbps Ethernet NIC, and a 15.2-inch, active-matrix display with 1,152 x  768 resolution. The system comes with both the classic Mac OS 9 and the slick  new Mac OS X installed.

2 port USB 2.0 PCMCIA Card will allow you to transfer data at a speed of 480 Mbps ( Megabits per second ) and is backward compatible with USB 1.1 devices.

Toshiba refers to its 2430 series of Satellite notebooks as "the best desktop replacement at a value price," yet the Satellite 2435-S255 is seemingly too compact to be typecast as a desktop replacement. Measuring 13 by 11 by 1.7 inches and weighing just 7.7 pounds, the unit is in fact not as cumbersome as many typical portables. Regardless, the Satellite 2435-S255 is a solid and affordable notebook suitable for most any situation. Driven by a powerful 2.4 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor, 512 MB of PC2100 DDR SDRAM, and a speedy 533 MHz system bus, the Satellite 2435-S255 is a fast machine designed to efficiently operate most current and future applications. Hard-core gamers should note the unit is equipped with a 32 MB nVidia GeForce4 420 Go graphics controller, which provides more than enough video processing power for most general tasks but isn't ideal for the latest crop of 3-D games. The Satellite 2435-S255 features two data-handling options--an average-sized 40 GB hard drive for your programs and frequently accessed files, and a DVD/CD-RW drive for loading applications, archiving information, playing movies, and burning audio CDs. In its stock configuration, the unit will not allow you to burn DVDs. To help you better enjoy your multimedia experience, the Satellite 2435-S255 offers a generous 15-inch, active-matrix display capable of 1,024 x 768 resolution, an integrated set of Harman Kardon speakers, a set of independent CD controls that don't require system boot-up, and a one-touch switch to instantly flip from internal display to TV screen. Other desirable perks include three high-speed USB 2.0 ports for external peripherals, one IEEE 1394 port for fast interaction with devices such as digital camcorders, an S-Video out for TV hookups, and a full size 85-key keyboard with 12 one-touch function keys and scroll function. An integrated 56K modem and 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network interface ensure connectivity in any situation.

Outwardly, Toshiba's Satellite 5005-S507 notebook bears a striking  resemblance to the company's top-of-the-line mobile computer, the 5105-S607.  Both units are packaged in a relatively large but extremely attractive metallic  blue-gray casing that offers plenty of room for the many high-end perks you'll  find inside. Both are designed for the demanding user and ready to record, play,  and display virtually any form of multimedia. There are, however, two important  distinctions. Whereas the 5105-S607 features a screamingly fast Pentium 4  processor and a price to match, the 5005-S507 sports a proficient but moderately  less speedy Pentium III and a far more affordable MSRP. For all but the most  power-hungry users, the 5005-S607 should be quite satisfactory. Considering its above-average, 11.6-by-13-by-1.8-inch dimensions, the 5005-S507  would best fit the description of a desktop replacement, and certainly its rich  feature set would seem to bear that out. Heading the list is Intel's 1.1 GHz  Pentium III processor, a proven chip that in this case is paired with a massive  512 MB of SDRAM memory. The true star of the show, however, is nVidia's new  GeForce4 440 Go video card. Packed with 32 MB of DDR video RAM, the 440 Go is one of the finest mobile video  boards currently on the market and as such will make short work of virtually any  multimedia source, including the 3-D games and movies you'll want to load and  play through the system's DVD/CD-RW drive. This convenient combination drive  also supports audio CD burning and CD data backup. The unit's subwoofer-enhanced  Harman Kardon speaker system capably broadcasts music and audio effects, and its  jumbo 15-inch Toshiba Personal Theatre UXGA active-matrix display delivers clear  1,600 x 1,200 images. The 5005-S507 keyboard section is second to none, featuring 85 full-size keys,  12 one-touch Internet and multimedia buttons, and a monochrome LCD cPad touch  pad that graphically displays important functions and houses several convenient  secondary applications of its own. The roster of ports includes two multipurpose  PC card slots, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a FireWire port  for high-speed data transfer, infrared and NTSC/PAL ports, and a handy headphone  jack. A 10/100 Mbps Ethernet network connection and integrated 56K modem ensure  connectivity in any situation. Toshiba has equipped the 5005-S507 with an accommodating 40 GB hard drive and a  bevy of applications, including the Windows XP operating system, Lotus  SmartSuite Millennium Edition, Intuit Quicken Basic 2001, and Norton AntiVirus  2002.

Simple storage for laptop and accessories unique semi-hardshell construction designed as a case within a case. Primary InformationProduct Type

Transfer Speeds

VANTEC BLACK ALUMINUM POWER SUPPLY VAN-420A 420W ATX 3*DUAL BALL-BEARING FAN

ECTACO Partner EC300T English-Chinese Talking Dictionary

Part of Sonys high-end GRX series of notebooks, the GRX650 offers a smaller hard drive, marginally slower processing speed, and no DVD recording capability, but is otherwise identical to the top-of-the-line GRX690. If power and versatility are important to you but you cant afford or dont need the extra performance perks of the GRX690, the GRX650 delivers plenty of bang for the buck. Sporting a 1.8 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor with 512 KB of Level 2 cache, a fast 400 MHz bus, 512 MB of DDR SDRAM (expandable to 1,024 MB), and a sizable 30 GB hard drive, the GRX650 will easily handle the majority of applications on the market today. Its 32 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 7500 video accelerator may have a few problems smoothly rendering todays most graphically intensive 3-D games and drawing packages, but is ready for most anything else. Sony has equipped the GRX650 with an enormous 16.1-inch, high-resolution 1,600 x 1,200 UXGA TFT display (the same viewing area as most 17-inch PC monitors) to better help you enjoy the movies youll play in the units integrated DVD-RW/CD-RW drive. This convenient combination drive also allows you to burn and play music compilations, listen to retail CDs, and back up and archive your important files and data. At a shade over 8 pounds and 14 by 11.5 by 1.8 inches, the GRX650 is slightly larger than some Sony portables. It is, however, loaded with goodies, including a Memory Stick media slot, an i.Link IEEE 1394 interface for fast uploads from devices such as digital camcorders, three USB ports for plug-and-play peripherals, a TV-out, parallel port, and headphone jack. To ensure you keep in touch wherever you go, the GRX650 features an internal V.90 modem and a 10Base-T/100Base-TX Ethernet interface. Pre-installed software includes Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition and an enormous array of business and multimedia utilities.

Encore Wireless-G2 Cardbus Adapter achieves a wireless speed up to 54Mbps, which is almost five times faster than 802.11b standard. With user-friendly software, you can easily install this adapter and configure its strong security features, including WPA and WEP data encryption.		ENPWI-G2 works on two modes. With the Ad-hoc mode, you can connect directly with other 802.11b/g-enabled computers for peer-to-peer file sharing. For the infrastructure mode, connect to a wireless access point or router for access to the Internet in your home or small office.		Encore Wireless-G Cardbus Adapter instantly upgrades your laptop PC into a wireless workstation. The place-anywhere approach allows you to accomplish high level of productivity that is not available under wired networks. ENPWI-G2 is an essential component for your small office or home network. Use this adapter to surf the Internet, play online games, download large multimedia files or share office resources with ease.

The GEM 1770 color monitor offers a 1,280 x 1,024, noninterlaced, high-resolution display; 16.02-inch viewing area; digital and advanced onscreen display controls; autoscan frequencies; MPR 2 low-radiation compliance; Plug and Play Windows 95 and 98 compatibility; and VESA DPMS, NUTEK, and EPA Energy Star support.

Office Suites Laptop Riser

Jelco JEL-513CB Multi Purpose Padded Carry Bag JEL-513CB Electronic Gadget Cases

REM56G-100 XIRCOM XIRCOM 10/100/56K PCMCIA COMBO

