

The Pleaser Emily-302 pump is all kinds of cute. First, there's the menswear two-tone styling, complete with Oxford perforations. A buckled Mary Jane strap softens the look and secures the foot. A platform gives you an on-trend boost that will look adorable and smart with slim trousers.	Heel Height

The CBP is our most popular bag. The demand for clear bags has skyrocketed due to the security restrictions placed by numerous school districts to combat school violence. Every child needs a sturdy see-thru backpack and we highly recommend this backpack as the ideal combination of afford ability and durability. This bag is made out of 0.25mm transparent vinyl and is held together with a durable 3.5mm black piping that runs along the sides of the bag. The bottom of this backpack is made of 600 denier polyester to withstand wear and tear. The backpack is sewn together with nylon thread so that temperature fluctuations do not damage the bag and it remains intact whether the climate is freezing or tropical.

Perfect for a hike or building in your garage, this Nautical steel toe boot is a practical and fashionable fit for everyday work and play. Made with premium full-grain and water-resistant leather, this shoe comes with an ergonomically-designed steel toe cap. Lightweight but strong enough to keep your feet protected, this is the all-purpose boot you've been looking for.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

Klub Nico is a brand of Ipanema, Inc. a Northern California-based company founded by Kelley A. Lehner in 2003. All Klub Nico footwear is manufactured in the south of Brazil using a combination of traditional craftsmanship and the latest technology in shoe making. Their mission is to provide quality, unique shoes suitable for the modern fashionable women.

sweater black fabric 80

This Italian-made slip-on is beautifully detailed with stitched accents and metal studs on a soft nappa suede upper. Dual elastic goring gives it an easy snug fit, and a wrapped wedge heel elevates the style. Weatherproof, stain-resistant uppers keep it looking good.

sweater black fabric 85

A well-cushioned walking shoe for fitness-level walkers. ABZORB cushioning in heel and forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption on impact. Walking strike path outsole stabilizes the foot through the walking gait cycle. Stability Web provides superior midfoot support while reducing overall weight. Synthetic and mesh upper delivers breathable comfort and lightweight support. Wt. 10.6 oz.

duke black pulsar 100

WARM and 100% WATERPROOF Rubber Ankle-Fit Boots! Ideal for venturing into cold swamps, marshland and the deep backcountry! Mossy Oak camo cuts glare, adds concealment; 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation warmth; Bob-style outsole; Moisture-wicking microfleece lining; Adjustable cinch strap; Heel kickers for easy on / off; 6mm felt midsole; Steel shank; Full rubber bumper resists puncture; Removable padded footbed; Shovel guard protects while climbing or digging; Approx. 16" h., and weighs 61 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Get yours now! Men's Guide Gear 2,000 gram Ankle-Fit Rubber Boots, Mossy Oak

Slip into something more comfortable with these soft shearling slippers.	Genuine dyed shearlings are left intact during tanning and sewing to give you unsurpassed warmth and durability. Sturdy non-slip rubber soles are made to last.

For riding, of course! But walking isn't so bad, either, in these Guide Gear Harness Boots. You SAVE BIG! You're pretty tough. But when your bike breaks down 8 miles outside Muskrat Flats city limits, walking to civilization in a pair of pinchy biker boots can turn anyone's vision a little misty. So I made these down-to-earth "Road Dawgs" for the real motorcycle enthusiasts. Durable, stylish, all-day comfortable. Genuine leather uppers for durability and style; Oil-resistant rubber outsole for grip; Removable, EVA padded, Taibrelle-lined insole for moisture-wicking comfort; Unlined for cool breathable comfort; 3/4-Goodyear welt for stability; Dual pull-on loops; Approx. 13"h., 31 ozs. each. State Color; Width

346026 Features

The next best thing to barefoot, our Moon Boot Slippers provide added comfort and security with flexible, skid-resistant soles for indoor and outdoor wear. This fine comfort footwear is made with a soft, snug-fitting terry upper, they're compact, machine washable and great for traveling. * Cotton-Polyester upper * Comfortable footwear with a flexible, skid-resistant sole * Safe and comfortable - indoors or out * Soft, pliable terry upper for snug fit * Compact design ideal for travel * Made in the USA * See colors below * Machine wash and dry * Sizes

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Brand

Recognizable for its signature center stitched seam, the Desert Trek oxford has been a footwear classic for nearly 30 years. The roomy toe box allows for natural toe spread, while the genuine plantation crepe outsole cushions the foot and buffers shock.	This classic design from Clarks has been around for nearly 30 years and is recognized by its signature center stitched seam. Set in suede full grain leather, the Clarks Originals Desert Trek is a signature of the line. Lined in a cushioned foot bed that maintains heel stability with a roomy toe box allows you to spread your toes naturally, this Clarks shoe is known not only for its style but also its comfort. Finished with a genuine plantation crepe outsole for excellent shock absorption, this men's shoe supports natural walking motion and promotes foot health. Timeless style and the comfort you crave align in the Clarks Originals Desert Trek.

The adidas Inglewood basketball shoe features a full-grain leather upper. adiPRENE+ in the forefoot provides a resilient toe-off. Non-slip lining offers comfort and performance. Torsion adds adaptive midfoot support. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 12.8 oz.

Women's 6 1/2 Inch Stiletto Heel Platform Sandal With Ankle Strap

Exclusive low cut basketball shoe with personalized MLB team logo and color can be found in Reebok MLB Clubhouse. This casual men's shoe is made of soft leather upper, includes padded footbed for all-day comfort and high abrasion rubber outsole for better traction and durability.             Leather upper             Textile lining and foam inlay for comfort            Los Angeles Dodgers logo on the side            Molded sockliner for comfort           Molded EVA midsole for shock absorption           High abrasion rubber outsole with herringbone pattern for traction and durability

Keep on the prowl in the FUBU Women's Striker. This casual women's shoe features a suede or patent leather upper with a non-marking rubber outsole.

Our endless summer essential now with highly evolved breathability for hiking or biking the trails. A lattice-like overlay of Dura leather strapping supports and protects while enhancing the open-window venting of the breathable mesh upper that is a Merrell mark. Full bumper protection at the toe and around the heel. Proven Vibram Multi-Sport sole with TC5+ rubber compound for grip and durability..

For elite feet. The Timberland Women's Kickadilla Faux Fur is a women's boot made of full-grain Timberland leathers with a channel fur and moc-toe pattern. Rubber outsole delivers great traction.

Red Wing Moc - toe Dress Shoes are the next generation in comfort. These dynamite Shoes by Red Wing are as comfortable as they look. Even though they're dress, you can wear them as casuals. Details

A nice ride for when your feet are taking it easy!Comfortable Sebago Moc-toe Casuals, you SAVE BIG! Click images to enlarge... Kick back and relax! These Sebago Moc-toe Casuals have the all-day comfort you need when you've got a lot of places to go, and a casual style that looks good in just about any situation. Add in long-lasting dependability and you have a real winner. Here at Bargain Outfitters, you SAVE! Take a ride in these

Cushioned comfort with a long-wearing Vibram outsole. Rockport Moose Slides, SAVE BIG! Comfort, durability and value... it's the Rockport way. These Moose Slides are no exception, providing you with outstanding wear and comfort in any casual environment. Not to mention value! Rockport made some slight changes to this style, and we were able to get ahold of a small shipment of last year's model for way below their true value. Casual comfort

Enjoy these comfortable wool clogs with a soft sheepskin lining!  Sheepskin maintains your body temperature and allows moisture to escape (keeping your feet dry!)  These clogs can be worn with or without socks thanks to the soft, sheepskin lining.  The Clausette's Shipping Information

Super comfortable ripple sole, Canvas & Leather upper, Speedlace eyelets, Rubber sole, Nylon web collar, Side vents, 10 high, Sturdy consumer packaging"

This 13" western boot from Tony Lama features a soft, supple Deertan leather upper and full leather lining. It has Tony Lama's cushion comfort system for instant, long- lasting comfort. It has a full grain leather outsole. Color available

In bold patterns and an improved body, this favorite Acorn slipper is sure to become your new favorite. The Polar Moc Slipper gives your feet a double layer polyester fleece upper, soft fleece lining, weatherproof outsole with skid-resistant tread for sure footing, and an enhanced raised heel for stability. The durable suede leather sidewall adds style and the Acorn memory foam midsole cushions every comfy step.	Relax and let Acorn wrap your feet in comfort. Product Features

Men's Hodgman Bantam Wading Shoes with Felt Soles. These Hodgman Bantam Wading Shoes are wide for roomy comfort

The Reebok Premier Ultra DMX III is a well-cushioned running shoe for the neutral runner. Open-weave mesh upper with Play Dry lining provides breathability, support and moisture management, 3M Scotchlite material adds night running safety. Eclipse EVA midsole and DMX foam offer cushioning. Transition Bridge aids the heel-to-toe transition. Blown rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel deliver cushioning, traction and durability, forefoot flex grooves add flexibility. Wt. 10.4 oz.

The Sperry Top-Sider Santa Cruz Slidetakes cues from contemporary urban style for a trendy casuallook. This men's sandal features a full-grain, oil-tanned leatherupper that is accented with fashionable contrast stitching. The contoured,EVA-molded footbed provides support, while the non-marking rubberoutsole with wave siping provides superior traction. Pair this Sperry Top-Sider sandalwith any casual summertime outfit for a relaxed, dressed-down look. Live the good life in the Sperry Top-Sider Santa Cruz Slide!

Leather upper with stretchable nylon lining and hook-and-loop closure, cushioned heel strap, leather sock lining, plus flexible rubber outsole. Imported.

Built for getting you through a busy day, the Mox 2 sneaker from Ecco features a suede and leather upper and a removable insole with the Comfort Fibre System. Two velcro straps make these shoes easy to get on in the morning and off in the evening.	Ecco Womens Loafers & Moccasins 18333 00799 Deluxe Mox

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Featuring a fiberglass shank that stabilizes the foot and weighs 75% less than steel; the Men's Wolverine Durashocks Slip Resistant Soft-Toe Work Boots (6 in.) are equipped to take on any job site while minimizing foot fatigue. Also equipped with Wolverine DuraShocks to convert shock to energy and further ensure that you don't go home with back pain. The slip resistant outsole and dual density footbed makes it easy to work on your feet all day when you're wearing the Wolverine Men's Durashocks Slip Resistant Soft-Toe Work Boots (6 in.).

Fully vented mesh and synthetic upper. Eight-pin pattern spike plate for acceleration and takeoff. Molded piranha tooth outsole provides traction. Wt. 9.6 oz.

****This product will not be available to ship until the middle of April.**** The Reebok All-Out Speed Low XT training shoe will endure the vigorous workouts of today's athlete. Synthetic upper construction. Traditional lacing system helps ensure a secure fit. High performance athletic linings add comfort and anti-slip. CMEVA sockliner provides underfoot cushioning. IMEVA midsole offers cushioning. Aggressive rubber outsole design delivers traction and support underneath your feet. Wt. 13.6 oz.

The Salomon Women's Techamphibian blurs the line between sandal and shoe. It protects your feet like a shoe, but drains water like a sandal. The synthetic mesh upper and Quickfit lacing won't absorb water, so you don't have to carry around extra weight while your shoes dry. An adjustable, convertible heel folds out of the way when you need a slip-on for a quick jaunt out of your tent in the middle of the night. Built for professional river guides, canyoneers, and adventure racers who make frequent transitions between wet and dry environments, the sticky Contagrip sole gives you traction over variable terrain.Product FeaturesMaterial

Take one look at the Josie's gorgeous floral embroidery and you'll be in love. Suede lacing highlights the leather adorned vamp of this tall suede boot, while a three-inch stacked heel gives you figure-flattering lift.	A sophisticated wedge that will put a little extra pep in your step.

#463238  Part of the TUNIT system, can be combined with a chassis and stud set to create a customized boot for players with wide feet. UPPER

Brown Shoe Company and multiple Grammy winner, Carlos Santana, have worked together to bring you "Carlos by Carlos Santana" footwear. These shoes reflect the same passion and energy that is generated by Carlos Santana's music. A portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the Milagro Foundation, which partners with the nonprofit community to serve the needs of children and youth. Started in 1998 by Carlos and Deborah Santana, this foundation supports educational efforts to help children and youth live healthy, literate, and culturally enriched lives.	Carlos by Carlos Santana Women's Hart Boot Add a little bit of heart and soul to your look with these killer boots! Zipper closure. Man-made upper with belted straps at instep and calf. Man-made lining. Lightly cushioned man-made footbed. Man-made sole. imported. Measurements

adidas Supernova Trail 3

Heres a boot that wont call it quits before you do. Backed by more than a hundred years of fine craftsmanship, Chippewas Sportility Lace to Toe boot boasts rugged construction, including top quality leather and a protective steel shank and toe, which you can depend on. A rubber lug outsole offers non-slip traction.	The Chippewa 73075 Men's 8" Redwood Lace To Toe Logger boot features Oiled Redwood uppers and Vibram One Piece Yellow Plug Logger outsoles. The Texon insoles and Unlined lining provide comfort. .

Rocky 8" 600g Thinsulate ProHunter Revolver Boots... do your feet a favor now! We can tell you that we've learned that investing in quality Boots like these Rockys is the only way to go. You'll see it, and you'll feel it the minute you slip into these Boots the first day you wear them, and they'll be like old friends that are easy on your feet from there on in! Get in on this outstanding comfort now at our very affordable price! Top features

The Spring Step Jolly is comfort at its best. This women's slipper features a footbed that is pre-formed according to the foot's natural anatomy, providing all day support and comfort. The special design of this Spring Step slipper's sole gives effective protection from the impact of walking. Nordic-inspired embroidering adds pretty accent at the vamp. Kick back and relax in the Spring Step Jolly.

Stay classy and sophisticated in the Hear Me Out tailored pumps from Unlisted by Kenneth Cole.Faux leather upper in a dress pump style with a round toeGathered pleat detail on vamp with asymmetrical gathered bow accentSmooth lining, cushioning insoleTraction rubber outsole2 1/2 inch heel

Whether you need a dressier look to your sneaker or amazing, on-your-feet-all-day   comfort, the On Road walking shoe from Prowalker by Rockport will cover all the bases. This   fashionable athletic shoe has a sleekly styled leather upper, a breathable mesh lining, and   cushion-providing, thick interior padding.	Walk on by. Rockport On Road Prowalker Tour Shoes put comfort in your stride. Ahh that renowned artist Dionne Warwick. And her unforgettable classic rock "hit" Walk On By. One look at these Prowalker Tour beauties says style with a capital "S". Toss in loads of built-in comfort and you're set to add up the miles. Take 'em for a spin around the block, across the street or out back. Everywhere you go, you'll want to know

Beautiful all leather shoe. Comes with a sleek 2 1/2" heel, padded inner sole for comfort, sueded ballroom sole for non slip slide. In popular Latin X-Strap design. Great for Salsa, Latin, or any type of ballroom dancing. Comes with free carry bag.

The adidas Men's Brawley combines a suede footbed and cork-wrapped outsole resulting in a casual shoe that's perfect for the beach or the street.

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.	Sorel Timberwolf Snow Boots for Men

Chuck Taylor didn't just put his signature on the patch of the All Star he put it on the game itself. His contributions to the game of basketball make him its greatest ambassador and sent his name beyond chronicles of sports and into popular culture. Today, Chuck Taylor shoes represent something more than legendary basketball shoes.

Reebok Pump Opus Athletic Shoes adapt to your foot shape for a custom fit... and a walk-on-the-clouds feel! Ingenious! This Shoe's tiny inflation component reacts to your stride to inflate the upper for the most cushioned run or walk you've ever had. You won't believe how good your feet will feel! All done? Just press the release valve to deflate. Durable mesh uppers for ventilation; EVA outsole with unique raised rubber pads for extra cushioning; Nylon stability plate; Removable, EVA nylon-lined insole wicks away moisture; Comfortable padded tongue and collar; Front and rear pull-on loops; Each approx. 4 1/2"h., 10 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Women's Reebok Pump Opus Athletic Shoes, White / Silver

Finn Comfort produces highly refined footwear for the walking shoe connoisseur. Often copied but never equaled, Finn Comfort footwear is supremely comfortable and features unsurpassed orthopedic support, something you'll appreciate dearly if you are on your feet for long periods of time. An anatomically correct fit, ample freedom of movement, serious orthopedic support, luxurious natural materials, as well as footbeds that encourage the natural heel-toe-toe rolling motion are some of the premium features that speak for themselves. Finn Comfort shoes are meticulously handcrafted in Germany under the most stringent manufacturing and quality requirements using only premium grade materials and components. That is why a growing number of faithful customers worldwide feel assured that with Finn Comfort they are not only investing in the best, but in their heath and well-being as well. Delivering the finest from Finn Comfort right to you.  For best results you can't afford to be without this ultra chic, comfort sandal for softness you'll really apreciate. Not just for your feet, but for your entire body. This no-nonsense orthopedic design reflects the latest medical researc h- Specially designed to ease strain on hips, knees and spine - Lightweight and flexible - Unsurpassed orthopedic support

WOW! Wolverine& GORE-TEX Work Boots, standard or steel toe! Waterproof full-grain leather uppers; GORE-TEX membrane provides 100% waterproof, breathable protection; DuraShocks outsole; Removable, mesh-lined DuraShocks insole; Wicking nylon knit lining; ANSI 75 rated steel toe on steel toe versions; Approx. 6" h., 27 ozs. State Width

Bates Duty Oxfords have an eye-popping shine... a pair and a spare, EACH PRICED LOW! Listen up! Seems a fussy inspector labeled these Shoes as factory seconds. So, we bought 'em all on Close-Out. Now you save! Features

Take your style to the beach, the court or the street with the Reebok Sporty Beach. This cool casual shoe features a deconstructed mesh upper and molded sockliner for comfort. High-abrasion rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

The Scorch D men's football cleats features the adidas-patented LighStrike EVA (Ethylene Vinyl Acetate) insole that is lighter than most insole padding, giving your feet an extra bit of quickness. The thicker molded EVA insole provides you with maximum cushioning and support. Synthetic leather upper is durable without adding excess weight. Screw-in studs are designed for optimal grip on soft, natural turfdesigned specifically for football. Padded mesh tongue and collar for better breathability and additional comfort. Made for traction studs are designed for optimal grip on soft, natural turf.

KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.	This top zip is cute, compact and will keep you organized with its many pockets inside and outside.

Adidas Mens Powerband Golf Shoes feature

Fila began in 1911, in the small alpine town of Biella, Italy, a place renowned for manufacturing the world's finest textiles, and weaving fabrics with impeccable quality, true innovation and extraordinary beauty. Born of the city and its traditions, Fila is inexorably derived from Biella's dedication to artistry, luxury and elegance. This is our birthright, it's in our soul, and it defines our future. We continue to enrich the athletic experience by improving comfort and performance with Italian design, quality craftsmanship and refined materials. There is no feeling quite as luxurious as that of playing in Fila, and that is the reason for our existence. We create what is desired, not what is necessary. Not just enough, but more than you need. This is Fila.

This lightweight and flexible athletic-style sneaker is designed for the baby who's just starting to cruise.   The super soft leather upper and innovative flex grooves promote natural foot motion,  strengthening baby's developing feet and toes.   The contoured landing pad provides extra stability to help with balance, and the curved outsole wraps the toe and heel for added protection.  The next best thing to barefoot, this little cruiser is a great way to support your child's early steps.  Parents will appreciate its smart hourglass shape, which makes it easier to slide the shoe onto those wiggling baby feet.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

For a pair of work boots that are not only tough enough for the job but also look amazing, you'd better turn to Double H. These handsome Double-H 2555 Men's 10-inch Ranch Cowboy Pull On Boots have impeccable style and the strength you need to get though the toughest jobs.Made with attractive yet durable 10-inch Dark Velva Oil Tan Leather uppers, these Double-H boots have a distinctive yet subtle Western look. The 925 "U" toe has plenty of room. The boots' shafts are unlined but the vamps feature Bactex lining, which will keep these boots smelling fresh at the end of the day thanks to its anti-bacterial properties.These boots don't just look great; they also perform like the best. The non-marking Chevron Ambergum outsoles are non-slip and oil-resistant, meaning you'll be walking safely whether you're in the garage, in the fields or on the worksite. The rancher style heel is a stable as it is attractive. The Vitalize insoles and 4 Iron Articore midsoles will provide the cushioning and support you need to stay strong from sun up to sunset.Not only do these boots have American-made style, but they also have American-made craftsmanship. For boots that are as handsome as they are reliable, look no further than to these Double-H 2555 Men's 10-inch Ranch Cowboy Pull On Boots.Sizes

When it comes to hard work, safety is job number one. To that end, Caterpillar made the Pneumatic work boot, which features a rugged leather upper and a metal lace-up for a perfect fit. A composite toe protects against hazards, while the lugged rubber sole gives you the grip and traction you need to get the job done.	Featuring a steel midplate for puncture-resistance, this steel toe boot provides superior personal protection

It's a level playing field of fashion-forward moves when soccer players kick off their cleats for some well-deserved playtime!

A waterproof stability trail running shoe. The TraXion outsole provides maximum wet-rock grip, while the lightweight Gore-Tex XCR upper offers complete waterproof and breathable protection. The molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort and adiPRENE offers protection from harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + maintains forefoot propulsion and efficiency, while the full-length medial insert helps reduce excessive pronation. Wt. 11.6 oz.

Offers more protection for Pop Warner and high school players needing more ankle support. Leather and mesh upper provides breathability. Supportive midsole adds comfort. TraXion(TM) rubber outsole gives maximum ground penetration and comfort. Weight 16.8 oz.

The Mion Current Sandal is an extremely lightweight sandal wet or dry. The Mion Current is the new standard  in protection and performance from a sandal with a ergomorphic foot bed that will permanently take the shape of each individual foot after about 12 hours of use. The idea of the Mion is to have the upper wrap around the foot in critical areas to ensure that the foot is held in place during active times like rafting, river running or hiking. The super structure cord helps pull the foot with the precise pressure needed for each area of the foot. The sole is made of wet/dry traction which make it ideal for going over wet rocks or wet and dry conditions that actually get stickier in water. No matter how wet the Mion gets it will not get wet like leather or fabric footwear, the Mion literally cannot absorb or retain water so your foot is never uncomfortable.             Available Colors

The Teva Women's Kenetic Circuit Sandal incorporates innovative Teva Kenetic technology to enhance stability and comfort with superior arch support and excellent shock absorption. A roll bar keeps feet from rolling inward (overpronating) and an antimicrobial treated insole helps maintain a healthy foot environment. Take to the outdoors with the waterproof leather and nylon mesh upper and traction rubber outsole.

The W801AT shoe from New Balance is an excellent fit for your athletic or casual needs. Whether you are running, walking, strolling, or chilling, this shoe is a great companion to your busy feet, and with all of its comfort technology like the Abzorb heel and forefoot, stability web, and C-CAP midsole, you'll be in it for the long haul.

Designed and constructed with both comfort and style in mind, the Gorgeous Mary Jane pump from John Fleuvog commands attention. Featuring eye-catching pin-hole details, a slender silver buckle, and a sophisticated 2 inch heel on a durable and stable rubber F-sole, the Gorgeous truly lives up to its name. Pair it with work clothes, skirts and dresses.	John and his longtime friend and ex-partner, Peter Fox, go waaaaay back. Before they founded Fox & Fluevog in 1970, they worked at Sheppard's, a venerable Vancouver shoe emporium, albeit a tad on the conventional side. As you can imagine, John and Peter felt a wee bit constrained, selling brogues all day to businessmen in suits and servicing only the occasional hipster. Then one day the miraculous happened, and it was followed by the inevitable

The Hummel H-Spot FG soccer shoe is where fashion has come to affect the "sole of soccer". Microfiber synthetic upper with extended heel cup provides added protection and support. Fashionable trademark reflective chevrons. PU outsole with 13 fixed studs for grass surfaces. Wt. 9.8 oz. ****Hang tag and/or sticker on shoes denotes the UK size, not the USA size.****

PLEASER,Mini-Platform,FlairFLAIR-472, 4 1/2" Stiletto Heel D'orsay Style PF PumpAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Mizuno Youth 9-Spike Franchise G3 Molded Cleats (Mid) feature

Women's 5 1/2 Inch Stacked Heel Platform Calf Boot

Enjoy the classic good looks of Clarks' Wallabee shoe. It features a soft leather upper for casual style, and you'll find superior comfort in its thickly padded heel and springy crepe outsole.	The Clarks Wallabee Oxford originated in 1965 when Lance Clark sketched out a progressive moccasin built on a nature-formed last to create the world's first comfort shoe. The genuine plantation crepe outsole of this Clarks shoe cushions the foot. The nature-formed last allows for a natural toe spread in this men's boot. The EVA footbed of this Clarks Originals boot has a leather sock liner to keep feet comfortable and dry. Lace into classic Clarks style in the Clarks Originals Wallabee.

Aggressive cross country spike for the athlete who requires a lightweight and flexible shoe to cover any terrain. Seamless upper is lightweight, flexible and cleans easily. Full-length SpEVA(TM) midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. Wt. 8.8 oz.

New York designer Betsey Johnson has built her long-standing career in fashion by following her own set of rules. Known for her celebration of the exuberant, the embelished, and the over the top, Betsey has been rocking the fashion industry with her unique and original designs since the 1960's.

FOUND

Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giving your foot support where it is needed, more cushy comfort where it counts and more room where your foot's moving parts need freedom when walking. The result has to be tried to be believed! Shouldn't you be wearing the world's best walking shoes?	Propet Ravine Walkers! In wide sizes! Ravine Walkers will take you over the river and through the woods in comfortable slip-on style

5.5 inch Heel Ankle Boot Women's Size Shoe With Inner Zipper.

Look gorgeous from head to toe when you slip on the Aggie mule from Jessica Simpson. The pointed toe with cut out and braided details catches attention, while the sophisticated raffia-covered heel complements jeans, skirts, and dresses.	Jessica Simpson is famous for her fun, sexy style, and now her signature line of footwear, handbags, and sunglasses brings that same style home to you. From fun western boots to the latest dressy and casual looks, Jessica Simpson shoes, handbags, and sunglasses are where it's at for fun, flirty and fabulous fashion!

KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.

Throw your ID and your credit cards into this slim case.

Roll with style in this classic Reebok sneaker. Suede accents add a high-class touch, while a sculpted EVA midsole and a padded foam sockliner ensure ultimate comfort. The high-abrasion outsole provides traction and durability--so you don't have to slow it down.	Reebok Classic Nylon Lifestyle Shoes

Premium Palladium Winnepeg Boots are for women who prefer LEATHER. SAVE BIG! Imagine strutting your stuff in these gorgeous kicks. The lush leather towers a full 15 3/4" high. Sure to get noticed as you set the pace in pure fashion. Full-grain, premium leather uppers; Leather outsole with raised rubber inserts for long wear, grip; Repairable 3/4-Goodyear leather welt for stability; Removable, leather-lined, multi-density insole for comfort; Leather lining for added comfort; YKK side zipper for easy on / off; Adjustable, gusseted, buckle calf strap for a custom fit; Each approx. 19 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order Today! Women's Palladium Winnepeg Boots, Black

You'll love how this classy thong looks on your feet. The soft, non-binding fit, plus security and top-strap adjustability, make it a good candidate for your favorite summer sandal.

As it sounds, the Park is perfect for a leisurely stroll or just feeling like you're on vacation. Handcrafted in Brazil with soft napa leather, these slip-ons provide comfort and flexibility, with a look to complement a pair of jeans, khakis or linen shorts.	Sandro Moscoloni has been making fine handcrafted footwear for over thirty years, and the commitment to quality and style is the utmost goal. After many years of intense research and product testing, Sandro Moscoloni created the anatomic gel construction -- it has now been over five years and the true test of their success has been proven in the marketplace with an overwhelmingly positive response from customers. They hear almost daily that they have created "the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn." In combining the natural leather uppers, sheepskin linings, cushioned insoles, and the exclusive Anatomic Gel Construction, Sandro Moscoloni has developed the ultimate comfort shoe. Product research and creativity continue to evolve, and they offer many different patterns and exclusive designs giving today's discerning consumer the feel and look they desire.

Classic outsole with lightweight EVA that is flexible and has solid traction. A slipper that can be worn indoors and outdoors. Even run to the store without looking like you are in slippers. Cow suede laminated to sheepskin provides the ruggedness and durability of suede on the outside and the softness, comfort and moisture wicking properties of sheepskin on the inside. Nylon woven collar binding adds great style and traditional flair. Naturally thermostatic, sheepskin maintains body temperature in warm or cold climates. Genuine fleece sock liner means ultra snuggly comfort and warmth. size go up, wide feet go up one size .

Classic inspired style for players of all abilities. Synthetic/Patent leather upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, Torsion system, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole.  Wt. 14.5 oz.

Help protect your footwear investment with this Woodlore shoe tree. Made from cedar in a design that can be adjusted for length and toe width, it absorbs moisture naturally while keeping your shoe in the perfect shape.	Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes are carefully crafted by hand in a process that includes 212 separate production steps. No detail is too small, because supreme quality is the cornerstone of the Allen-Edmonds name.

Universal Soles Raised non-marking rubber heel .

The C8894 boot from Converse is serious about your comfort and your ability to get the job done. The leather upper features textile underlays to add ventilation plus a high ankle that laces up for superb support. The thick lug sole is slip-resistant to keep you on your feet while adding cushion and comfort to your step. Thanks to the ease of the side-zip, you can get out the door and on with your day that much more quickly without losing your laced-up perfect fit.	Desert Tan Suede Leather and Cordura Tailex and Cambrelle Lining Stealth Side Zipper Removable Molded Dual Density Polyurethane Cushion Insert EVA Midsole Dual Density Mountain Trail Outsole Shock Eliminator Heel Plug Composite Toe Rated ASTM F2413-05 I/7

Synthetic leather upper with molded removable Nitracel Engage sockliner. E.T.S. Cushioning Cartridge in rearfoot. Solid rubber outsole with deep forefoot flex grooves.

The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion(TM) outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility. Weight 10.8 oz.

The Ashton Split Toe oxford does double duty, pairing equally well with chinos or slacks.  With made-in-the-U.S.A. quality and craftsmanship, this lace-up boasts a full leather lining for a comfortable fit and a rubber sole adds durability and traction.	Five-eyelet Algonquin-toe blucher men's dress shoe which features split reverse pre-stitched welt, full leather linings, removable orthotic and Allen-Edmonds Vibram outsole. Great for style as well as comfort.

Recognized around the world for their unique playful spirit, Beverly Feldman designs have been a high-fashion staple since the 1970's. Based in New York and Ibiza, these glitzy shoes are hand-lasted and stitched in Spain for the latest in European style. Discover the one-of-a-kind flair that's made Beverly Feldman one of the most respected and sought-after names in the fashion world.

Ready to add a little sophistication to your look? Then graduate on to Steven footwear by Steve Madden. These styles are a perfect combination of youthful colors and mature designs. Let these sleek, unique designs carry you into a new world of fashion with all the comfort and flair you've come to expect from Steve Madden.

Stylish and chic PRADA evening bag Black PRADA signature Tessuto nylon 15" leather strap with 5" clearance allows carrying under arm. Center zipper compartment. Accented with silver hardwares. Interior fully lined with Prada monogram, consists of one zipper pouch. Authenticity card & dust bag included. MADE IN ITALY.

adiSAVE integrated molded spine was created especially for the basketball player to provide natural flexibility for shooting, dribbling and driving but stiffens when the ankle begins to roll. Leather upper CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE and adiPRENE+ . Torsion System provides stability and control. Non-marking herringbone outsole.

Canvas and suede upper with vulcanized rubber outsole.

Soft full-grain leather upper adds comfortable fit and feel, polyurethane sockliner provides cushioning and comfort, double lasted grenade construction brings low-to-the-ground look and feel, traditional herringbone outsole offers traction and durable grip. Wt. 14.6 oz.

Magnum's biggest value in duty boots. You don't have to go broke buying your duty boots. Magnum Response 6" Boots feature full-on duty boot construction to stand up to the most demanding situations at a great price. Details

adiTUFF rubber toe adds to lasting durability C4S cleat configuration maximizes your playing efficiency Synthetic upper offers comfort and long life Compression molded EVA midsole offers superior cushioning Metal mesh stripe cutouts provide exemplary ventilation

Enjoy decadent comfort with the Venus II scuff from Tamarac. This plush slipper is super simple with its open-heeled slip-on fit and also quite practical thanks to a grippy sole.	Slippers International is still very much a family business. The origin of their fine slipper-making dates back to their 1930's ancestors. Nearly 75 years later, they still maintain unsurpassed quality in their slipper making.

With a croco-leather upper and buffed leather sole, the Lalo-C adds a touch of wildness to your elegance. This peep-toe pump lets your personality shine through your work attire or a dressy night out.	Steve Madden, the footwear fashion mogul of the 21st century, has immersed his company into virtually every aspect of the fashion industry.  With his primary success and initial endeavor as a shoe designer, he has now expanded into other accessories such as handbags, belts, socks, dresses, watches and outerwear. The first Steve Madden shoes spoke to a young woman's independence, and today his handbags speak to that same "grown up" woman. As the Madden girl has matured and evolved, so has the brand; the sophisticated Steven by Steve Madden line represents a lifestyle. It is about embracing fashion, style and color while still maintaining that funky independence that first defined the brand 15 years ago.

A high mileage trainer, the ASICS GEL-Kayano X yields the very best blend of cushioning and stability through the I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System), which directs the foot from heel to toe, allowing for a more natural gait. Designed for the runner who has a medium to large frame and medium to low arches, this shoe features a SpEVA midsole that reduces shock and adds durability as well as visible rearfoot and forefoot twist GEL Cushioning Systems for maximum shock reduction. The dual-density DuoTruss System links the forefoot and rearfoot for added support. DuoMax medial post offers stability and shores the midfoot. Synthetic leather upper with open air mesh. PHF (Personalized Heel Fit) memory foam-lined heel collar molds to the heel. Biomorphic Fit upper provides superior fit and function. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral flex grooves add stability and flexibility. Weight 11.2 oz.

Motorsport

duke black paris 120

Get your gears into motion and show off your rugged style in the Crankshaft boots from Harley Davidson. Made with sleek full grain leather, the Crankshaft upper is water- and abrasion-resistant. Padded collar and cushioned insole delivers additional comfort. Theres also an oil- and slip-resistant rubber outsole to give you a steady foothold whether youre giving it the gas or treading solid ground.

The Converse First Star is specifically designed to house those teeny little piggies. It's crafted using a canvas upper and a soft moccasin construction that feels more like socks than clunky shoes. The padded insole and quilted outsole provide some extra cushioning.

The Puma Men's El Rey gets an upgrade with its unique rubber strap blocked in a natural woven material. As always, this classic slip-on shoe comes complete with a sturdy canvas upper and a rubber outsole.

Ultra-comfy and super sexy, you should definitely swoop on a pair of these flip flops for the summer. Features sponge material, rubber sole, and thong design. Imported.

BOSS" MEN'S RUBBER LEGGIN	BOOT	Hand-plied rubber	17" tall	Fabric lining	Top strap and buckle	Bar-tread outsole	Yellow	Pair	Size 16

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.

Laced Platform Pump With Cross Detail And 5 1/4 Inch Heel

Stylish, slip-on comfort loafer. 	Genuine leather uppers. 	Padded footbed for added comfort. 	Flexible sole for easy walking. 	Metal-ornamented design

Sebago represents authentic products and timeless design. Their original, hand-sewn Docksides boat shoe and Classic Beefroll penny loafer havent changed since they first crafted them decades ago. Sebago is a celebration of everything New Englandwhere life in, on or around the waters is a geographical unavoidability. Their shoes are about performance--not just the technical kind, but the way a shoe behaves in its right environment, whether on boats or city streets. Each classic Sebago design is carefully designed to perform at its best.	A classic slotted collar and contrast stitching offer sophisticated feel to the Spinnaker boat shoe from Seabago. A padded footbed and sure-footed rubber sole add practicality so you can set sail in style.

Stop and smell the flowers blooming around you, and do it in style wearing the Small Flower flip flops from Havaianas. This flirty flip flop has a shimmery molded rubber upper with a Havaianas logo, a pretty floral patterned insole, a shock absorbing midsole, and a durable rubber outsole for premium footing. Hit the beach in style this summer with the Small Flowers. Made in Brazil.	Dainty and sweet, "Small Flowers" revisits your more innocent side! Footbed adorned with a lovely spring daisy pattern. Metallic strap adds a cool, modern contrast.

6 inch Pointed Stiletto Thigh High Boots Women's Size Shoe.

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	The Brooks F2 track shoe is for sprinters who want to make a statement. Designed for distances of up to 400 meters. A streamlined shrouded upper reduces drag and fits like a glove. Internal ghillie support system. TPU strike pod, latex crash pad. 3/4 Pebax sprint plate is lighter and stronger than conventional material, enhancing traction and boosting propulsion. Eight-spike configuration. Includes 6mm spikes and wrench. Wt. 6.9 oz.

Clean lines add style to these cool metal frame sunglasses. Lenses feature UV400 protection (100% protection against ultraviolet rays.) Sleek styling, the black metal frame just skims the lense - for a really hot look.

The Diadora Primato MD RTX JR soccer shoe is made for the young entry-level player. Soft, water resistant, Suprell synthetic upper with anti-stretch lining. Cotton and shock absorbing EVA foam insole. Two-color MD RTX 12 outsole offers superior traction.

adidas' Corner Blitz 7 MD Low football shoes for men feature durable, lightweight synthetic leather and breathable mesh uppers, a combination of lace-up and a hook-and-loop closure along the vamps, injected EVA mid-soles for added cushioning and molded rubber cleat out-soles for a winning combination of comfort and performance. Get the grip and support you need on the field with these dynamic football shoes.	The Adidas Corner Blitz 7 Low men's football cleats are one of the toughest weapons you have on the field, and they won't even activate the metal detectors. This pair of shoes features

#359611  TAKE THE FIELD WITH ATTIVA   Get the Diadora Attiva MD PU!

Slippers have Eurelle uppers, sherpa fleece lining, cushioned insole and long-wearing, non-slip indoor/outdoor rubber outsole. Made in Italy. Item #83

Melding style and comfort through its inspired, classic design and unique  shock-absorbing footbed, the Softwalk women's Jupiter Mary Jane is versatile  enough  for a day at the office or a night on the town. The shoe's soft leather upper and  lining is  comfortable and secure, while the lightweight, molded polyurethane sole delivers  just a  touch of stylish lift. The padded heel, collar, and patented egg-crate footbed are  the true  highlights, however, as they're built specifically to minimize pain and fatigue  from hours  of walking and standing. As with all Softwalk shoes, the Jupiter May Jane's are  designed  for the woman who isn't willing to compromise on comfort.	Take your daily journeys in the Jupiter Mary Jane from Soft Walk. Designed to support and cushion your feet with the originally designed Mogul footbed. Leather upper is built for easy slip on and off. Polyurethane sole is flexible and endures for everyday use. Work rings around the others with pure comfort and support from Jupiter. Fit tip

Urbanites and outdoorsmen alike will love this all-weather, ultra-comfortable, sporty slip-on from Bogs. Made with a durable and waterproof synthetic upper, the Valley Walker features a lightly elasticized collar for a snug, stay-put fit and a removable neoprene sockliner to help absorb moisture. A pull tab on the heel helps it slip on easily while the flexible, treaded outsole provides excellent traction on all types of terrain.	Enhance your outdoor adventures with the Bogs Valley Walker Camo slip-on shoe. This men's waterproof shoe features a four-way stretch neoprene and rubber upper with a camouflage pattern. The removable insole keeps you comfortable and supported, while an aggressively textured rubber outsole delivers non-slip traction to the Bogs Valley Walker Camo shoe.

Classic Mens Shoe by Earth Footwear

jumpp red fabric 55

Adidas' patented Climacool technology is now available in a golf shoe for women. This shoe will keep your feet cool with a perforated sock liner and breathable mesh upper, while providing excellent support with lateral and rotational lugs. It's lightweight and looks great! Features

CLEARANCE,Pleaser,5" HeelStarlet-530, 5" Double-Decked Ankle Wrap PF SandaAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Traveling abroad or pounding the weekday pavement, bring along theMerrell World Passport slip-on shoe. This men's casual shoe has a fullgrain leather upper for durable, breathable wear. A padded ankle collarand dual elasic side goring offer comfort and easy on/off. The Cita-XY footbed serves as an antibacterial layer for reducing odor. ThisMerrell slip-on offers Merrell's Air Cushion midsolefor long-lasting comfort and a sticky rubber outsole for grip you candepend on. The Merrell World Passport is stamped for style at any border!

A sultry snakeskin trim provides the perfect finishing touch for the Steve Madden Deedrah. Besides this decorative accent, this gorgeous pump also offers a seductive crisscross toe, flirtatious open instep, and shimmery metallic lining. All combined, these elements create one delectable shoe that you should be without! Padded footbed. Leather upper. Nonskid outsole. 3 1/4" covered heel.

Lightweight, synthetic leather upper with CMEVA midsole and rubber outsole with heel notch. Molded sockliner with adiPRENE in heel and forefoot for maximum cushioning. Team color cards for customization. Wt. 9.4 oz.

berlin black leather 85

A prime testimony of our commitment to quality Full grain leather upper Soft leather quarter lining Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole Oak-tanned leather sole Miracle Tread rubber heel Padded tongue Goodyear welt construction

Clarks takes tailored boot perfection and gives it a hint of biker cool. The Pass boot features a rich leather upper with buckle accent, cushioned insole, doeskin lining, and a steel shank for long life and durability.	Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

With the combination of great looks and functionality, the Carolina Opanka Gaucho Wildhorse women's Oxfords are a perfect choice for hard working women. When your duties require the durability of a leather shoe with a steel toe and you don't want to clunk around in boots all day, the Carolina Opanka Gaucho Wildhorse women's Oxfords will fit the bill.  The comfort is unmatched, and the perforated leather upper allows your foot to breathe, unlike conventional shoes of this style.  Slip your feet into the Carolina Opanka Gaucho Wildhorse women's Oxfords, and concentrate on work instead of how your feet will feel at the end of the day.

The adidas Isolate Comfort features a PU-coated leather upper with perforated materials for breathability. adiPRENE and EVA midsole with rubber placed in high-wear areas durability with little weight. Rubber outsole with flex grooves adds forefoot flexibility.

The Berlin from Ecco is a sharp, stylish lace-up with a smooth  leather upper in a high-profile boot design, but the sole will give you  plenty to be happy about, too

Simply sweetdyeablewhite satin ballet slipper. Flat suede sole True to Size. Satin pull string will tighten fit.

Magnetic Money Clip crafted in Soft Genuine Cowhide. Strong powerful magnets that holds bills very securely.The Best Quality at the Best Price. Slightly marbled for the rich look. Perfect Gift for this Holiday Season.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style.  Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo.  Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	So comfortable you won't admit they're slippers! Sheepskin is king when it comes to comfort. Which is why you'll find yourself wearing these "please-don't-call-them-slippers" all day long. More

Look like royalty with the Never platform wedge from Betsey Johnson. This elegant wedge has a buttery soft suede upper with gold piping, a gorgeous tie front ankle strap, and a perfect little round toe. It also features leather lined cushioned insole, a smooth leopard print outsole, and a unique suede covered wedge and platform with gold embroidered polka dots in a subtle checkered pattern. Be a queen for a day when wearing the Never paired with a lovely empire waist dress.	Betsey Johnson Women's Never Wedge Shoe. These wedges feature a suede upper, a manmade sole, an ankle strap which can be tied, and a closed and rounded toe. The wedge heel measures approximately 3.5" and the platform measures approximately 0.5".

A sleek profile and narrow toe give the Senta Slingback grown-up good looks. Slip into this flat with a slight heel and feel the supple leather of the woven upper. You'll enjoy the comfort of a padded footbed and slight heel, and the versatility of its understated design. The Senta is casual, yet sophisticated enough for warm days at the office.	Brand and Style - NATURALIZERSenta    Size - 8    Width - Medium (B, M)    Color - Basil    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

A performance classic in running shoes. Breathable and comfortable mesh and synthetic upper with a compression-molded LightStrike EVA midsole for cushioning. Rearfoot adiPRENE maximizes heel protection and stability, adiPRENE+ in the forefoot maintains propulsion and efficiency, Torsion Support system creates stability and control. The carbon rubber outsole helps provide durability and traction.

Made in Brazil of the finest, softest rubber, the Pois from Havaianas is an ultra-comfortable flip-flop that's perfect for poolside or building sand castles on the beach. This light and easy thong has a shimmery molded rubber upper with a Havaianas logo, a geometric circle patterned insole, a shock absorbing midsole to keep you light on your feet and a durable rubber outsole for a steady step.	The name of this sandal derives from the Hawaiian performance art of Poi-juggling. The "Pois" sandal has a metallic strap, and is patterned with circles and dots, giving the flip-flop a classy art-deco look.

Flap pocket hand bag

Men's Hodgman Wadelite Waterfowl Breathable Stockingfoot Chest Waders. These Wadelite Breathable Chest Waders are ideal for waterfowl hunting in warm conditions

Polo Ralph Lauren children's footwear has all the fashion, fit and redefined classic American styles that you have come to expect from this brand. Polo Ralph Lauren footwear is designed with exquisite materials and meticulous detail. Styles range from classic, vintage and preppy slip-ons and boat shoes to athletic-inspired sneakers and casual wear. Whether it is a day at the park or a night on the boat, your child will embrace his or her style with Polo kids' shoes.

An updated lightweight performance tennis shoe, the QT scream evolved from the classic QT ti shoe, offering the same comfortable fit with enhanced features and high-performance cushioning.

It'll be love at first step in Ros Hommerson's heart pump. A pretty pick for the office and beyond, this closed-toe beauty features a see-and-be-seen croco-embossed finish, an adjustable slingback strap, and a figure-flattering yet totally wearable mid-heel.	Show the world you care about fashion in the comfort-minded Ros Hommerson Heart slingback pump. Crafted from soft microfiber or croc-print patent leather, this high-heeled women's dress pump balances a timeless silhouette with an adjustable ankle strap and buckle closure for a secure fit. The leather-covered, cushioned footbed adds comfort to every step. Ros Petal construction reduces leg and back fatigue with a high-density, flexible Poron footbed and Texon Insole that absorbs sweat to keep feet drier. The Ros Hommerson Heart dress pump is finished with a textured rubber sole, lending durable traction whether you're at work or at play.

Men's Red Wing Glencoe Shoes. Kick back in these Red Wing Glencoe Shoes. The casual comfort you want

Show off your collegiate spirit with these clogs from Hush Puppies! Comes in team color and interlocking team logo on front toe. Available in men's and women's sizes. Men's - 8-13; Women's 6-11. Please note that clogs are unisex. For your ordering convenience we have listed both men's and women's sizes, but if ordering a women's size you will receive the comparable men's size.

The Reebok NFL 4-Speed III 5/8 AT football shoe features a super lightweight performance synthetic leather upper that is lightweight and comfortable with little break-in. Play Dry liners wick moisture away, helping to keep the foot cool and comfortable. External heel counter provides excellent support, heel lock, and comfort. Soft mesh tongue and collar liners with thick foam padding add comfort on top of the foot and around the heel with superior breathability. NFL lining package helps prevent stretching and fits consistently time after time. NFL Equipment molded EVA sockliner with ETC top cover and Poron inserts offers great comfort. Top cover helps reduce friction and heat build up. Aggressive cleat configuration on a lightweight molded rubber outsole provides excellent traction on grass and field turf. Wt. 16.4 oz.

hether black leather 85

This durable slip-on, steel toe boot from Dr. Martens is made for rugged reliability. It features heat sealed welted construction with a standard woodshank, and a slip-resistant PVC outsole that's electrical hazard-resistant. These boots are ANSI/OSHA approved.	Dr. Martens 10" Industrial Greasy Steel Toe Wellington Boots. Heavy - duty footwear that performs in demanding conditions! These heavy-duty performers are built to handle the most demanding environments without a snag! With durable, water-resistant full-grain leather uppers and a the patented rubber SAF air-cushioned sole, these Boots are the right choice for your work day. They're slip-resistant, even on oil, petrol and alkali! And with a steel toe, you'll be prepared for unforeseen hazards. What's more, the Boots have a shock-absorbing, breathable mesh-covered EVA insole... keeps you cool and eases the shock of each step you take! Take a look

Glamour it up Diva Girlz style when your little Divas wears these gorgeous girls sequin beaded espadrilles. The canvas upper features stunning sequins and pearl beads. The satin ribbon ties and jute covered wedge heel complete this must have wedges.		Available in Ivory, Champagne, Pink, Bronze and Black		Toddler & Girl Sizes 10 - 4

What would skating be without Converse shoes? Barefoot probably. Now that it's a legitimized mainstream sport, there's plenty of other skate-specific brands, but Converse was there before all the TV cameras and video games. Back when skaters drained pools to make halfpipes, shoes like the Converse Kiro Ox men's athletic inspired shoes with their sturdy support and flat, grippy gum soles were the natural choice for footwear.While skating's evolved over the years and the equipment and tricks have gotten progressively more complex, the basic design of these old-school shoes has changed very little. The low-key, comfortable Converse Kiro Ox will keep you on your board (assuming you've got the skill to land those newfangled tricks, natch), and their classic style will set you apart as a true original in a skate park (or drained pool; things haven't changed that much) full of the latest fancy-pants skate shoes.

Men's Itasca Sydney Waterproof Snow Boots. Stay warm and dry with these waterproof Sydney Snow Boots by Itasca

SIZING

Carolina 8" Boots. In EXTRA-WIDE sizes too! Looking for all-day comfort in a rugged work boot? You've found it

The Faux Shearling Low Top Booties by Kiddopotamus with all-new styling and luxe faux fur lining will keep your baby in cozy style!  The soles are soft and flexible as recommended for healthy foot development. The Booties are completely lined in plush faux fur for cozy comfort.  The outer layer is durable faux suede in fawn, pink or blue. The lower top opens wide to easily slip on baby's foot and secures for a custom, no-kick fit that adjusts as baby grows. They secure closed with self-fastener featuring a darling star appliqu.  The Low Top Booties come in three sizes for babies and toddlers.	The Faux Shearling Low Top Booties by Kiddopotamus with all-new styling and luxe faux fur lining will keep your baby in cozy style! The soles are soft and flexible as recommended for healthy foot development. The Booties are completely lined in plush faux fur for cozy comfort

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giving your foot support where it is needed, more cushy comfort where it counts and more room where your foot's moving parts need freedom when walking. The result has to be tried to be believed! Shouldn't you be wearing the world's best walking shoes?

The rim actually spins as you walk and/or run. Lightweight microfiber synthetic leather upper with lateral quarter panel. Advanced cushioning, shock-absorbing, active heat/moisture-management L.S. Exchange Technology. Wt. 14.8 oz.

The Jewel slipper from Foamtreads, with its lightly textured velour upper, is a pretty blessing for your tired feet. The Velcro tab closure allows for the perfect fit and the rope-like trim makes this slipper very attractive and appealing for indoor and outdoor casual wear.	This luxurious woman's embossed velour slipper features a front adjustable strap for easy entry and provides an adjustable fit. The non-marking 100% rubber outsoles provides traction and durability for indoor and outdoor wear.

An updated Mid-Cut, lightweight performance racquetball shoe. The Ektelon QT Scream is an evolution of the QuikTrac Ti. This new version offers a gum rubber, non-marking sole with the same comfortable fit with enhanced stability features and new high-performance cushioning. You can't go wrong with this shoe. More Features

The perfect classic oxford for jeans, khakis or dress pants. Leather upper Padded collar for comfort Heel cushioning gel pod Soft, cradling heel cup Shock-absorbing sock lining Supportive, padded arch cookie Lightweight, flexible outsole

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 25 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The thick, Velcro-close V-strap provides adjustable fit and an easy on/off.	The Propet Pedwalker 25 men's Velcro shoe is comfy, light-weight, and classy. This men's casual walking shoe is set in a full grain leather upper with mesh lining and padded collar and tongue. The hook and loop closure is for easy on and off. The straight lasted, shank-reinforced EVA midsole and rigid heel counter with double removable footbed lend flexible orthotic adoption. A rubber outsole provides cushioned traction and durable wear. Step into the Propet Pedwalker 25 to enjoy a comfy walking!

A redesigned '80s tech running shoe paying homage to the innovative adidas technologies of the 1980s. Vintage leather upper with leather overlays offers support and durability. Multipurpose rubber outsole features studs that grip on soft ground, but retreat into treads on harder surfaces, providing optimal traction on a variety of surfaces. Speed ghillie lacing system, external "stabilo" heel counter and Dillinger webbing add convenience while completing the look and style of the shoe.

Our beautiful, stylish and quality purse hangers offer peace of mind with your most consistent companion - your purse! Flo's Fabulous Purse Hangers are engineered to support up to eight pounds so even the heaviest of purses will be safe and secure!

A delicious women's style from Ecko. The Savacous women's casual shoe features a rich leather and suede upper in a low-profile silhouette with a durable rubber outsole.

Soft full-grain leather and synthetic upper with anodized soft touch finish. Tongue made of 3D space mesh provides breathability and comfort. CMEVA midsole and midfoot shank wrapped inside to produce comfort and stability. Weight 9.6 oz.

Comfortable footwear doesn't come in a simpler form than the Jensen wedge from Grasshoppers. The slip-on design is easy to wear and offers all-day comfort, with a durable rubber outsole and elastic gores for a snug fit that will move with your foot. It's perfect for those days when you know you'll be on the go.	The Jensen is a shoe that can be a work as well as casual shoe. It offers a stretch twill upper, a purefit comfort footbed, and soft interior linings of cotton jersey for extra added comfort.

Men's and Women's Teepee Creepers From the the Aspen Company. These super luxurious slippers keep your feet cozy warm in the winter and suprisingly cool in the summer. You will love how the sheepskin leather and fur hugs your foot. Your toes can stretch out but they don't feel loose on your foot. Everyone will enjoy these slippers that is why they are the perfect gift. Even if they already have a pair of slippers that special someone will appreciate the craftsmanship and the amazing comfort these slipper provide. Check them out today. They are in high demand around the holidays. Don't forget to get the right size. Size 100 is a women's 4-5, size 200 is a women's 6-7, Size 300 is a women's 8-9 and men's 6-7, size 400 is women's 10-11 and men's 8-9, size 500 is a men's 10-11, and size 600 is a men's 12-13

The Helen from Clarks is a beautifully distressed clog with classic styling and modern details. With its intricate stitch designs, this is a clog that will never be satisfied at the bottom of your closet. Wear it every day with jeans, with dresses, or with anything else you can think of.	Chinese Laundry launched in 1982 with a collection of fashion forward footwear targeted to the young women's market. From stylish daytime looks in innovative fabrics and leathers, to evening collections in dressy metallics and iridescents, Chinese Laundry continues to create and deliver style and fashion at an affordable price. Chinese Laundry has carved a niche for itself in today's competitive market and is available in better department and specialty stores nationwide.

Western Chief was founded in Seattle in 1891 to produce rugged outdoor boots designed to meet the harsh conditions of the Alaska Gold Rush. Today, they are still committed to making the same high quality, rugged work footwear. Built with the finest materials to demanding standards, their footwear keeps people warm and dry, comfortable and stylish, safe and secure.	Tough Work Boot performance... Western Chief Romeos. Warm weather can turn some Work Boots into a sauna. These Romeos have all the features of their big brother models... but the low-rise design means they're cool, comfortable and a snap to slide on and off. Great for inspections, giving estimates, or any job where you're moving from outdoors to in. Durable full-grain leather uppers; Steel shank for stability; Oil-resistant Crepe Wedge sure-grip outsole; Wicking full Taibrelle lining; Pillow-cushioned comfort insole; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Approx. 4 1/2" high, 20 ozs. each. State Width

Crocs, Inc. is a rapidly growing designer, manufacturer and retailer of footwear for men, women and children under the Crocs brand. All Crocs brand shoes feature Crocs' proprietary closed-cell resin, Croslite, which represents a substantial innovation in footwear. The Croslite material enables Crocs to produce soft, comfortable, lightweight, superior-gripping, non-marking and odor-resistant shoes. These unique elements make Crocs ideal for casual wear, as well as for professional and recreational uses such as boating, hiking, hospitality and gardening. The versatile use of the material has enabled Crocs to successfully market its products to a broad range of consumers.	Crocs, Inc. is a rapidly growing designer, manufacturer and retailer of footwear for men, women and children under the Crocs brand. All Crocs brand shoes feature Crocs' proprietary closed-cell resin

Great value in a children's youth-size boot.  Corona leather foot & top with a hand-corded medallion and stitched top.  Durable neolite sole.  Available in youth sizes 3 1/2 thru 7, D width only.  Imported.

Lightweight synthetic leather and mesh upper with open-cell foam for ventilation. Midfoot rib chassis and vented sockliner channel airflow. High performance, non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 10.8.

From stylish looks in innovative fabrics and leathers to funky collections in dressy metallics and iridescents, Little Laundry continues to create and deliver style and fashion at an affordable price.

This sturdy work shoe is ideal if you're on your feet for hours at a time  Premium leather upper  Leather quarter lining  Velvet-eez Air Cushioned Innersole  Forward Glide sole is tapered at the toe for an easier, more natural walking motion  Heavy-duty shank  Goodyear welt construction

Keep your feet happy in these warm and woolly sheepskin slippers. Their natural fleece lining is left intact during tanning and sewing to provide unsurpassed insulation and durability, and the non-slip rubber soles are made to last. The low price will keep your bank account happy, too!

It's not getting any warmer outside but your feet won't be able to tell in the Waterproof ToeWarmers Women Easy On Ankle Boot with a Warmtex heat-radiating footbed! The moisture-wicking, Warmtex footbed reflects heat back to your foot while cushioning your feet from heel to toe. Your feet will be kept warm and dry thanks to the durable, waterproof polyurethane / cotton fabric upper and cozy borg fleece lining. Feel the amazing flexibility and slip-resistant traction with the thermoplastic rubber outsole to give you a smooth, comfortable stride.

High-performance, perfectly designed, anything but perfunctory, the Fila F-13 Perf women's retro shoes are also highly perforated. This is known in the shoe biz as the "quadruple perf," or probably will be someday, thanks to the Fila F-13 Perf, which perfectly executes the quadruple perf like nobody's business. By adapting Fila's classic F-13 design to an ultra-sweet, super-distinct and well-ventilated style the Fila F-13 Perf have perfected the perf.They have the perf down pat, and that's nothing to pshaw. Those awesome ankle-supporting adjustable straps provide reliable structure and a snug, customizable fit for great performance and worry-free security. All that perforation doesn't take away from the F-13's legendary durable and sturdy leather upper. It only makes those uppers more cool and cool-looking. Wear the Fila F-13 Perfs with your favorite perfume for the rarely attempted "quintuple perf." Now that's perf perfection.

fiestey red leather 100

The cool, utilitarian style of these Pixel Padded Collar Oxfords makes them well-suited for city streets and late-night hangouts. Great with everything from denim to chinos, the oxfords feature a slightly shiny upper, classic rounded shape and a padded collar for extra comfort. The double layered midsole has a built-in cushioning system and the rubber sole is reinforced with a steel shank. Overall, this is a versatile and impressive shoe that will quickly become a favorite.   About Skechers Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Pixel - where art and science intersect. Skechers Cool Cat - Pixel oxford combines visual appeal and superior technology to create a shoe that you'll love to wear. The padded collar offers extra comfort, while the split midsole keeps your footing secure. Detail stitching gives this classic shoe a visual interest and finished appeal.

6 inch Heel Glow In The Dark Sandal Women's Size Shoe With 2 Inch Platform and Ankle Strap.

Slide into a Lovely sandal, perfect for active days on the go. The Walking Cradles sandal features a leather upper with moderate wedge heel and cushioned footbed. Walk in comfort and style all day long.	Women's Walking Cradles, Lovely Sandal slide style sandals  Walk in total comfort in this great fitting low heel slide  Supple leather uppers with a leather and synthetic lining  Stitching accents with adjustable velcro instep strap and added metal detailing  soft tiny Pillow comfort insole is made of latex foam which massages and sooths your foot while  helping to increase circulation and keep the foot relaxed  Low 1 3/4 inch heel for just a little lift on a PU outsole for added durability

DIESEL DISCOVERY * SOFT TEXTURED FULL GRAIN LEATHER * MEDIUM WIDTH * IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $87.00NOW -

Comfortable Thorogood Dual Air Duty Boots are tough as Rambo. When duty calls, you answer with the very best footwear around. Like these rugged Thorogood Duty Boots. Built like an Abrams tank to hold up to harsh wear without the weight. On the average, these babies weigh a scant 23 ozs. for bulk-free get up and go. Just what you need to keep your dawgs happy. Full-grain leather and 1,000-denier nylon uppers; Oil and slip-resistant rubber outsole; EVA midsole with ABS Air Bags provide impact absorption with every step; Removable, polyester-lined, EVA insole with PVC heel and arch support; Moisture-wicking polyester lining; Padded tongue and collar; 1/4-gussetted tongue locks out debris; Each is approx. 8"h. State Width

iglou black suede 80

Keds updates its original Champion Basic sneaker with a bold, fresh color palette to complement your wardrobe. This traditional canvas kick offers a padded insole with terry cloth linings for comfort. It's a tried-and-true shoe that'll always be in style. Grab a pair in each color, so you never have to do without.	A true American original, the Champion sneaker from Keds has been updated with a soft cotton terry lining, a more secure heel and roomier toe, and comfortable arch support. This classic sneaker is a casual Florida wardrobe staple.

Get ready to get wild with the Radical Coffee Outdoor Boot from Danner. The stitch-down construction creates a durable nubuck upper that laces securely up the foot. A wide platform, Kletterlift sole provides enhanced support on possibly rocky terrains while the breathable fabric accents help your foot stay comfortable when you're out and about.	The top of the mountain for hiking shoes? Danner Radical 452, of course. Hikers just don't get any better! Unmistakably the boot that re-established Danner's relevance among the hiking elite. Rugged TERRA FORCE construction technology makes them more durable, more stable and more comfortable than the rest. Fortified with a GORE-TEX liner for dry performance in wet conditions. Previously available only in coffee and buckskin, the Radical 452 GTX now comes in a classic, all-purpose brown. More

BE004 Canvas Boat Tote. Features

sweater pink fabric 100

The New Balance 801 is an easy-on, easy-off, trail-style recovery shoe. Lightweight and supportive synthetic/mesh upper with ABZORB in the heel and forefoot for maximum shock absorption. C-Cap CMEVA midsole for cushioning and flexibility with solid-rubber outsole for long-wearing durability. Wt. 8.6 oz.

Think 8" rubber boots. But on steroids! Baseball's not the only place bulking up. Itasca Swampwalker Boots make other rubber boots look downright wimpy thanks to their tougher construction and big-league features. Have a look

Dirty Harry

There is no reason for the party to end when you're wearing the Keen platform slingback sandal from Pelle Moda. This fun and flirty sandal has a weaved pebbled leather upper, a heel sling with an elastic panel for a perfect fit, a sweet little open toe, and a generously cushioned insole for comfort. A combination cork and wooden platform and sole gets a little bit of traction from the rubber outsole. Pair the Keen with a casual party dress and you'll have the look that everyone will pay attention to.	Platform slingback on a chic wedge heel. ; Leather upper. ; Elasticized strap. ; Lightly padded footbed. ; Cork midsole. ; Man-made outsole. ; 3 3/4 heel.

Strike a pose in the Vogue sandal from Pleaser. In high-gloss synthetic, this minimalist offering boasts a corset-inspired lace-up closure for a seductive touch. A 4.25-inch heel and .5-inch platform conspire to grant you the curves to back this sexy look up.	Heel Height

The ideal shoe for motorsport enthusiasts and a lifestyle statement at the same time (not fireproof). The Puma Speed Cat P features a soft pig suede, leather and nylon upper for comfort and great-looking style. Oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole keeps you on your toes, ready to go. This cat's ready to pounce!

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The Steve Madden Bonti shoes feature a leather upper with a open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Nickels Soft is designed for the ultimate in comfort by integrating our patented Poron 2000 sole construction, soft leather uppers, and casual styling. Style, comfort, and durability is built into every pair.

Matching insulated bottle bagCoordinating zippered pouchLarge fold-out padded changing padKalencom Diaper Bags are AZO freeWe use no Phthalates/DEHP, DBP, or BOP in our PVC -Materials

opas brown leather 70

The GEL-Cumulus IX joins the ranks of ASICS top running shoes for the first time by employing Impact Guidance System components not seen on previous versions. PHF (Personal Heel Fit) memory foam-lined heel collar molds to the heel, creating personalized fit. The broad, Solyte enhanced midsole provides exceptional comfort and surprising stability, creating a product solution for a variety of gaits. IGS (Impact Guidance System) linked components enhances the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe-off. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Ilford Smooth Gloss11 x17 Photo Paper -25 Pack Smooth glossy surface Instant dry (nanoporous) Superb photographic image quality andconsistency* Heavyweight look and feel of a real photograph Excellent compatibility with all good quality pigment and dye based inkjet printers *As with all nanoporous (instant dry) coated media, ILFORD GALERIE Smooth Gloss can be susceptible to 'gas fading' due to air bourne pollutants. Covering the image with glass for example, will ensure that a print from a dye based printer will last for up to 10 years depending on the manufacturers ink. Initial accelerated testing indicates that a GALERIE Smooth Paper product will last in excess of 30 years using a pigment ink desktop printer.

Your new motto will be all play and no work as soon as you slip on the wonderful comfort of the Yucatan sandal from Receptor by ECCO. This adventurous sandal has a combination nubuck and stretch neoprene upper with tonal stitching; three hook and loop Velcro closures for a secure and personalized fit, a fully lined contoured footbed, and a high abrasion textured rubber outsole for a slip-resistant step. Make every day a weekend day with the Yucatan.	Handsome and comfortable are few words that describe the ECCO Yucatan. This stylish men's ankle-strap sandal is naturally flexible, lightweight, and durable. Featuring a nubuck upper, this gorgeous men's sandal also features three adjustable straps with hook-and-loop system that guarantees a perfect fit. Dual density EVA covered footbed delivers all-day comfort, while rubber outsole provides traction, support, and stability for a long-term use. Perfect choice to pair with any casual outfit. Stay stylish and comfortable with the stunning ECCO Yucatan.

Give your feet the advantage of the signature Bostonian first-flex technology in these dressy casual slip-ons. The Prescott is outfitted in calfskin leather for a glove-like feel and fit and the cushy insole supports your every step, while reducing fatigue.	Part timing, part hard work and behind the seams comfort, the Bostonian Prescottis documented quality. A full leather upper is blended for simple men's slip-onfashion. A cushioned footbed brings comfort from the arches on up. This Bostonian loafer could become your future every day shoe. It also features First/Flex construction for flexibility and shock absorption. Slip on simple style and comfort with the Bostonian Prescott!

Comfort Memory Foam Slippers pamper and soothe your tired, aching feet. Expanding, breathable, memory-foam interior reacts to body heat and conforms to shape of foot. Soft, plush top for maximum comfort while walking or resting. Solid-sole makes them perfect indoors or out. Innovative indoor/outdoor slippers cradle your feet with pressure-relieving foam resulting in incredible comfort and tranquility for your feet.Visco-elastic memory foam customizes the slipper to your foot shape and stepping pattern with unique stress relief after a hard day.

The Skechers BikersHobbie sneaker is light on the feet and heavy on style. This shoe combines elements of a classic mary jane with a ballet flat for an ultra-feminine, up-to-date profile. Its leather upper features a sporty perforated pattern across the toe and quarter while a thin strap criss-crosses the collar for a secure fit. The slip-resistant rubber outsole finishes off the shoe, making it practical for all-day wear.	Cute and comfortable maryjane style form Skechers Work Full grain leather upper with perforation detail for added breathability Hook Loop closure for a custom fit Soft cushioned removable PU footbed for allday comfort Mark II rate slipresistant rubber outsole for ultimate traction and safety

An innovation in casual shoe style. The Le Coq Sportif Race Metallic, with its sleek colors, futuristic design lines and a comfortable leather and synthetic upper, speeds past today's everyday casual shoe. Rubber outsole provides dependable traction and lasting durability.

Is seduction your aim? This thigh-high boot from Pleaser will help you in your game. Featured in a classically sexy shape and palette, this design has a sleek upper, a pointed toe, and a super-tall stiletto heel to up the ante.	Boot Size Chart   Will these boots fit properly? To get a better idea, measure the shaft height and opening of a pair of boots you already own. Using the table below, compare your boot measurements to the measurements of the new boots that youre considering. Take note of any similarities or differences.                                                                      Shoe Size                      Shaft Opening                       Shaft Height                                                        8                 20 in.                 27 in.                                                                                                                                                          Shaft Opening

The La Sportiva Sandstone GTX XCR is a perfect hiking shoe for quick day hikes, camping jaunts and basic regular wear. The Gore-Tex lining will keep your feet dry and the Vibram Hiking w/ Impact Brake System will keep your feet in control. This shoe was Outside Magazines Gear of the Year in 2007 for good reason. WEIGHT

In our Velour Ballerina Slippers, feet feel better, freer, and more comfortable. Thanks to their soft, cushioned velour uppers, cloth insoles and genuine leather soles, they make the ordinary feel extraordinary - putting a spring in your step no matter what the day has in store. * Soft, cushioned polyester velour uppers * Designed for style - and all-day wear * Absorbent cloth insole * Genuine leather sole * Imported * See colors below * Sizes

Keep your sophistication on the weekends with the Wall Street flip flop from Cobian. This casual-chic flip flop has a soft leather upper with contrasting pinstripes, a brushed SBR top-sole for an extra comfortable and relaxing step, and a textured outsole for sure footing. Whether you're attending a casual outdoor business function, or you're sitting poolside, the Wall Street will dress you with pure style and confidence.	Walk with Cobian in their Wall Street sandal which features a suede strap with contrasting stitched pinstripes that continue onto the brushed SBR top sole. The durable rubber bottom sole completes the package.

Double - H Western Work Boots. Hand - stitched in the USA with the finest materials! There's a reason why A-list celebs like Sheryl Crow and Larry the Cable Guy choose Double-H Boots to "git-R-done". And there are plenty of reasons why you should too! From the amazingly stylish stitched shaft and vamp to the slip-resistant, extra long-wearing Sierra 150 outsole... these Boots will take you places no other western boots can! All the right stuff, constructed with pride in the USA

Tommy Bahama presents a complete line of casual yet upscale footwear for men and women. Made in Italy and Spain using only the highest quality materials, Tommy Bahama blends comfort and fashion with features including cushioned insoles and lightweight flexible outsoles. Step into a pair of Tommy Bahamas and relax in the style of the islands.

Designed for runners with low or flat arches who need to control excess pronation. Synthetic/Air mesh upper adds comfort and breathability. Ultimate Sockliner with IMPLUS provides cushioning and durability. Internal Support Sleeve(ISS) helps "wrap" the foot. Engineered MC-Pod configuration maximizes support. HydroFlow ST-XL in rearfoot optimizes cushioning and stability. Extended Diagonal Rollbar helps minimize overpronation. DRB Accel design increases midfoot support. High durability carbon rubber outsole. HPR Plus in heel strike area increases durability. Crumple zone smooths out initial impact with the running surface. Wt. 14.5 oz.

Formerly known as the Taos, the Arroyo II combines all the best features of a trail shoe and a sandal. Open vents on the side of the waterproof leather upper provide maximum breathability. The multi-directional lug outsole bites into varied terrain with determination. This hybrid design redefines outdoor footwear with performance you can count on.	If you loved the KEEN Taos, you'll also love the KEEN Arroyo II sandal. Offering the best of a hiker and sandal combined, this women's trail shoe features a washable waterproof leather and mesh upper, with open side vents for maximum breathability when temperatures rise and KEEN's signature toe bumper for impact protection; adjust for a secure fit using the toggle lace closure. The removable metatomical footbed and ESS shank offer comfortable support, while the hydrophobic mesh lining and AEGIS Microbe Shield treatment maintain a fresh interior. The high-performance KEEN Arroyo II water sandal is finished with a grippy rubber sole that bites into a range of surfaces, keeping footing mountain-goat secure. Fit tip

PCMicroStore Branded Non-OEM Case. 1 Year Unconditional Warranty if purchased through PCMicroStore

The full-grain leather upper of the adidas Pulsado II TRX FG soccer shoe provides comfort and soft feel. Synthetic lining, EVA insole adds comfort. Traxion FG plate offers grip and comfort on firm natural surfaces. Wt. 8.2 oz.

This saucy little pair from Capezio offers high style with its practicality. The Latin T-strap ballroom sandal features a lightly padded footbed for comfort, a smooth leather upper, and a sleek buckle strap. The suede sole keeps you light on your feet.	The Capezio BR08 shoes feature a leather upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 100

Teva is an authentic icon in the outdoor industry. Founded in the early 1980's by a Colorado River guide, Teva pioneered the sport-sandal category. For more than 20 years on rivers, in canyons, and across the trails of the great outdoors, athletes and enthusiasts have traveled the globe comfortably and confidently in Teva footwear. Providing positive contributions to the world in which we play is at the core of everything Teva stands for. The Teva name itself is a Hebrew word meaning "nature" and the hand logo is the Hopi symbol for "friendship" and "water." Teva supports the outdoor athletic lifestyle and remains committed to innovation in outdoor performance footwear, the platforms which carry enthusiasts beyond the offices of the day-to-day and onto the rivers, trails, and canyons of the next adventure.

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, offers thousands of limited edition and one-of-a-kind gifts, jewelry, and home decor treasures handmade by master artists and artisans throughout the world. Artisans of Nepal present an original and trendy accent bag, feminine and fun. The bag is crafted of wool and features a small flower with pastel-colored petals. Artisan Info

NEW Bite Orthosport Quickies, BIG BUCKS OFF! Casual trek? Do it in comfort! Bite had a minor style change that caused a discount deal. Stylish, suede leather uppers; Rubber beveled outsole provides grip and promotes natural stride; Fiberglass shank and torsional control in arch and heel for stability; Underfoot shock grid cushioning; Includes 3 removable insoles

The SmoothRide engineering approach in the Mizuno Wave Elixir running shoe minimizes the rapid acceleration and deceleration of the foot during transition, creating the smoothest ride possible. AIRmesh upper provides the utmost in breathability and comfort. Composite Double Fan-Shaped Wave offers the perfect blend of support and cushioning in a low profile, lightweight package. AP midsole is made of lightweight, responsive, yet durable cushioning copolymer. X10 durable carbon rubber allows for longer wear in high impact areas and supplements traction at heel strike. SmoothRide solid rubber/blown rubber forefoot outsole offers cushioning, flexibility and durability. Wt. 10.1 oz.

What young cowgirl doesn't want a pair of pink boots? A perfect birthday or holiday gift as well as suited for a flowergirl or young bridesmaid in a western wedding. All man made materials and long wearing composite sole. Infant sizes are shoe size 4 to 8; Children sizes are 8 1/2 to 3 and Youth sizes are 3 1/2 to 7. Import.

Fashion is where you find it. Nunn Bush found it surrounded in comfort, dedicated to style, and walking in the legacy of quality craftsmanship. Since 1912, Nunn Bush has been making shoes of unparalleled distinction. Today, all Nunn Bush shoes are constructed with the same quality materials, specially selected leathers, and handcrafting expertise that goes back generations. It's something you'll experience in the uncompromising fit, flexibility, and strength in all their footwear.	Casual good looks abound with the Squall slip-on from Nunn Bush. A fully leather upper lends sophisticated appeal while signature gel cushioning helps you feel as good as you look.

Naughty Monkey is a fresh fun shoe collection that originated in California and has everyone clamoring for the monkey from coast to coast. The naughty monkey, whose identity shall remain nameless, heard constant gripes and complaints about how mundane and boring footwear had become. In his monkey mind came the devastating first designs of a brand that would leave a lasting impression on fashion and how fun it could be. The evolution of naughty monkey to this day continues on the same maddening quest to bring the opposite of boring to fashion and can only be appreciated by those who have a little of the naughty monkey inside of them.

Jump is a global lifestyle brand for style-conscious men and women. Its family-centric heritage reflects key values that are inherent in the product's design details. Together, these ideals for the people encourage a sense of harmony that transcends differences and unifies humankind. Their mission is to offer these values that are the foundation of Jump's thoughtfully designed, quality-produced footwear to stylish consumers of every age and demographic around the world.

This style from Minnetonka features all the classic elements of a great moccasin, perfect for warm-weather leisure. And the fact that it's crafted from genuine moosehide makes it supremely soft and supple.	Ladies Moosehide Moccasins with plain tops. Soft, supple, genuine Moosehide has all the softness of deerskin plus the durability of moosehide. Fully padded insole with lightweight flexible rubber sole so you can wear them outside in all weather. Available in Medium and Wide widths. Natural color.

Add a touch of sexy style to your fall and winter wardrobe with the Jovial boot from Charles David. Featuring an instep strap with eye-catching stitching and grommets and a rounded toe, this stacked wedge boot has a sophisticated 14-inch shaft. Flexible and versatile, the Jovial has an inside zipper with an elastic gore band that makes it very comfortable to wear every day.	Exchange by Charles David made its debut in Spring 2005 at select department stores and specialty stores. Inspired by the runways of Europe and trendsetters around the globe, the line meets the needs of the most dedicated fashionista. Its international design team mixes materials and details such as canvas and embroidery with unexpected, vibrant colors to create a fresh, fun signature look that is exclusive to this brand.

6 inch Heel Mule Women's Size Shoe With Tuxedo Design and Spherical Heel.

Ahead of its class, this mary jane retains the charm of the classic design while bringing a fresh, stylish look. Scalloped edges and leather stitching accent the smooth leather upper, while the asymmetrical, pattern-stamped strap ends in a metal medallion. This College mary jane intelligently complements your favorite pair of jeans.	Toughen up your casual look with the Aleshia boots by Mia. This knee high boot features a durable leather upper with constrast stitching, buckle accents adorning the shaft, and a full inside zip for easy on/off wear. The lightly cushioned footbed and soft lining provides breathable, interior comfort. Synthetic outsole is crafted for sturdy wear and traction.

Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!	Glide through your day in comfort with the Walking Cradles Cassie loafer. Stylish overlays and double-stitching lend a graceful look to the premium leather upper of this women's slip-on shoe; elastic goring enables easy on/off and offers give to every step. Inside, a breathable lining and cushy Tiny Pillows footbed provide hours of relaxing support. The Walking Cradles Cassie slip-on shoe is finished with a flexible polyurethane sole for a lightweight, stable foundation.

adidas continues its collaboration with Goodyear with this redesigned version of the adidas Racer, adidas' most successful driving boot. This updated version features a full leather upper as well as a redesigned heel for improved fit and comfort. The all-leather upper extends over an EVA midsole in the heel area to create a partial feather construction, while a two-tone, tire-inspired, racing rubber outsole adds sleek style. Rear windows with carbon inserts complete the look of this fast-paced casual shoe.

The Capi slip-on from Bostonian is sure to become your favorite go-to shoe. It features a soft leather upper, lightweight polyurethane outsole, and a 2-Pod comfort footbed with additional padding in key strike points to absorb pressure in the ball and heel of the foot.	Subdue your traditional look with the Bostonian Capi slip-on.Turned seaming gives the leather upper of this men's dress shoe a clean look. The longwearingrubber sole is ideal for travel to workday accomplishments. A padded collar allows for comfort and all-day wear. Ortholite polyurethane foam helps wick away moisture and absorb odor to keep this Bostonian slip-on fresh and clean. A metal shank provides added stability and support. A removable 2Pod technology footbed has 2 pods of cushioning placed underthe foot where it needs it the most; the heel and the ball.The Bostonian Capi is sure to become your favorite go-to shoe!

Antik Denim is destined to become the new American classic. Its not about denim

For the middle distance runner seeking lightweight and flexibility. Lightweight synthetic leather and mesh upper, EVA heel wedge and nylon spike plate. 7.1 oz.

Tingley's waterproof overshoes protect your footwear from rain, snow and salt damage. Designed for extra traction on slippery surfaces, the fashionable line fits over virtually every shoe style and size. Made to last, these products are backed by a long history of Tingley Rubber quality and performance.	Protect your office-ready shoes with the Storm Stretch overshoe from Tingley. The design offers full-coverage protection while the textured sole lends grip for those slick city sidewalks.

GripOns significantly improve traction on ice and snow.  High quality rustproof spikes under the ball and heel of your foot provide excellent grip on slick surfaces.  GripOns stretch to fit easily over any type of shoe or boot.  They are flexible and compact for easy carrying and storage.  GripOns are not for technical climbing.

PUMA RIBERA * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH * IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $68.00NOW -

clint black leather 100

clint black leather 105

Using the finest quality leather and ornamentation, Imagine by Vince Camuto was born from a passion for design and superior quality, coupled with a demand for comfort and the season's must-have trends. These unique shoes are styled in their Italian design studios and crafted into numerous models for our customers, including flats or heels for day and evening. Imagine by Vince Camuto combines elegance and edge with ease.

We had a hard time believing that a shoe this handsome could be as comfortable as the Brett oxford from Florsheim. Be as impressed as we were and slip your foot into this full leather oxford with breathable lambskin linings and generously cushioned insole, and you might just be completely swept off your feet. Oh, of course not literally; the durable, textured rubber outsole has that part covered--each step will be strong and solid thanks to the multi-directional rubber tread. The Brett will complement your business, casual, and even special occasion wardrobes.	Step into great looking comfort with these luxurious casuals from Florsheim. Supple full grain leather upper in a casual lace up oxford style, with a square apron toe and side overlay and stitching details. Four eyelet lace up front, lightly padded tongue and collar, soft sheepskin leather lining, comfort cushioned skeepskin leather topped insole. Very flexible midsole, 1 1/4 inch rubber heel. Traction patterned rubber sole.

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.	Pogosticks

Genuine Leather Upper, Cushioned Support. Extended Counters for Support and Stability. Skylon Comfort Technology, Non-Skid, Non-Marking Soles.

CoverGirl-620 6" Stiletto Heel Strap Platform Sandals

The Derek Alexander Yukon Leather Hobo is made with top grain cowhide. There is fabulous detail on the bag, both in the strap attachment and stitching done on the shoulder strap and down the sides of the bag.

Full-grain leather upper with molded EVA midsole, PVC shank and rubber outsole.

Never go out of style with this Classic Ace from Reebok. The soft upper gives you excellent comfort while the die-cut EVA midsole provides lightweight cushioning. A molded sockliner adds comfort and durability and best of all, the Classic Ace comes in width sizing for a custom fit.	The Reebok Classic Ace tennis shoe for men showcases a soft garment leather upper with a molded sockliner for comfort and support. The molded midsole offers lightweight cushioning, and the abrasive rubber outsole provides traction.

These gorgeous wedge sandals combines glitz and glamour that will keep you Diva Girlz in style all summer long! The strappy upper features shimmering metallics and a dazzling rhinestone buckle. With a lightly padded footbed and non-skid bottom, what more could a Diva want?		Available in White, Silver and Gold		Toddler and Girls Sizes 9 - 4		Suggested Size Chart		9 - 6 7/8" 	10 - 7" 	11 - 7 1/4" 	12 - 7 1/2" 	13 - 7 3/4" 	1 - 8" 	2 - 8 1/4" 	3 - 8 1/2" 	4 - 8 3/4"

Want hardcore performance over the harshest terrain? The low-profile adidas J S5 outdoor running shoe has it all thanks to its stitchless bonded toe-cap, active motion control and impact protection. Nylon mesh upper adds light weight and durability. Performance non-slip mesh lining. Compression-molded LightStrike III EVA midsole. PTPP (Push Through Protection Plate) offers impact protection. TPU shank in arch and forefoot delivers support and protection. High traction rubber outsole with Speed Grip provides the best grip in agility inspired events. Wt. 14.2 oz.

Take equal parts athletic shoe, kick back comfort and skater style, mix them up, and ... voila! The Converse Kiro men's casual shoe includes the classic clean looks of the star and chevron, a smooth and durable suede upper, a molded sockliner for ultimate comfort and a grippy rubber gum cupsole. The colors are deep and rich, and even the soles are distinctive. Kick it anywhere, Converse style.

There has been a significant shift in the way that women think, act and shop. The way they dress reflects this new independent spirit but women, with incredible person style, have been void a special shoe brand until Seychelles!! The Seychelles girl thrives on being unique and doesn't follow any rules or trends. She is hip and vibrant and has her own natural style, using fashion as a way to supplement it. She wears what she wants, how she wants and looks fabulous doing so. With her own sense of flair, the Seychelles Girl mixes current trends, vintage finds and designer pieces to enhance her every look.

Florsheim's Riva slip-on offers classic style and superior comfort. The hand-sewn construction features a sleek strap detail and strong seaming. Signature comfort technology in the insole is designed to disperse shock and limit fatigue. Plus, it's airport friendly!	Florsheim Mens Loafer Casual Shoes feature

100 Percent waterproof, black PVC compound. Steel toe style complies with ASTM F2413-05 for impact and compression. Self-cleaning lug outsole for traction in wet, muddy conditions. V-bar molded shank for complete arch support. Kick-off lugs for easy removal. All are excellent for use in

Stay comfortable even on cold, wet mornings in the sturdy Women's Raptor 400 Gram Hunting Boot from Danner. Built with a full-grain leather and 1000 Denier nylon upper and durable stitchdown construction, this rugged boot is made to last and offers superior comfort and protection. It features a breathable and 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining, and 400 grams of Thinsulate Ultra insulation for warmth. Self-cleaning Danner Bob outsoles provide steady tracking in mud and snow.	The Danner Raptor Men's Boot is triple stitched for uncompromising fit and superior protection and Made in the USA!

Men's Onguard 16" Steel Toe with Lug Outsole

KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.	A stylish, spacious handbag, this satchel will fit your magazines, wallet, makeup and more.

clint dark brown 80

clint dark brown 85

101440GRY46 Features

Developed for neutral runners looking for cushioning and flexibility. Mesh and synthetic upper with Achilles Flex Notch, Scotchlite reflective for safety, slip-lasted. CMEVA midsole with internal midfoot support bridge, 35-45 angled 3D Grid System provides shock attenuation and stable heel cushioning, full-length HRC adds cushioning, E.A.S. System ensures proper guidance and support through the gait cycle. XT-900 and b/cR outsole with flex grooves provides durability. Wt. 12.9 oz.

Sonic heat welding is a new process used to construct a stronger, more durable and abrasion resistant upper without adding weight. Interior lacing system keeps laces protected from abrasion. Long-lasting and versatile construction material used for toe cap and lateral wear zones. Midsole are made of responsive lightweight polyurethane foam and will not compress over time. Breathable mesh fabrics are key to creating a cool, comfortable shoe. Slip lasting creates a flexible, responsive shoe. 100% leather upper with reflective trim and accents.

201916 Features

Finally - a solid, well-built plain-toed, uniform boot that fits like it was made just for you and looks great too!

102 6-7 (2) BLACK WETSHOE SHOWER SHOE

Whether you run or walk, on the street, or the trail, the Skechers Energy sneaker is for you. The all-leather upper is breathable, thanks to toe-cap perforations and mesh lining, and the heavily-padded tongue, collar, and insole, and stabilizing outsole will comfort and support your foot.	Sprint across new terrain in the sharp Energy joggers. Primed for daily impact or urban streets, they're built for comfort. Upper is Trubuck and mesh for full flexible in motion. Padded tongue and ankle collar add essential comfort points expected in a sport shoe. Loaded with style and all-around versatility.

Taken from Naot's Koru Collection, the Naot Matai symbolizes strength and peace brought together to give you ultimate comfort! This women's shoe is set in a soft leather upper with suede accents in a Mary Jane style featuring beautiful detailing on vamp and contrast piping along the instep. Th lightly padded rear collar and a velro strap closure keeps this Naot shoe adjustable for that perfect fit.The suede footbed is made of latex and cork materials for extra shock absorption; but more importantly, it's removable! This specialized footbed contstruction helps shoe form to the natural shape of your foot. You'll love the fun looks and superior comfort of this most popular Naot shoe - the Naot Matai!

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Classic style redesigned by Dr. Marten. Flex Link Technology in the forefoot filler softens compression as the foot flexes. Leather-hinged footbed flexes in tandem with the flex-link forefoot to enhance flexibility and comfort. Padded collar and ZAK outsole. 5-eye padded collar oxford with stitched seam detailing. Cornerstitch construction lends to ease of flexibility for added comfort.

Universal Soles

For a little dash of flair, try out Neil M's Tassel Loafer. This loafer has a leather covered, removable polyurethane footbed that provides superior cushioning and a genuine welt construction for support and durability.	Enjoy handsewn construction in a classic loafer that never goes out of style with the Neil M. Murphy shoe. A refined fringe and tassel accent on the leather upper of this classic men's slip-on shoe lends a sense of class. A removable, leather-covered Poron insole and genuine welt construction cushion your foot for all-day comfort; an airport-friendly carbon fiber shank offers great support without holding you up at a security checkpoint. A leather and rubber sole delivers the highest degree of shock absorption to the Neil M. Footwear Murphy loafer.

hether white leather 110

This Campus boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude, but exudes nothing but pure, feminine style. The attractive, western style has a pull-on construction of oiled leather with contrast welt stitching, a durable leather outsole, and a cushioned insole for additional support and comfort.	Pebbled full grain leather crafted from genuine U.S. hides in wood drums. It is made the old fashion way  by hand crunching  to create the unique striated, two-tone effect.

Delight in the rich appearance of the Sim-Plicity oxford from Kenneth Cole Reaction. This dapper shoe has a smooth leather upper, a four eyelet lace up closure with waxed laces, and a wide squared apron style toe. The cushioned insole and soft leather lining provides premium comfort, while the lightly textured outsole allows for sure footing on multiple surfaces. Dressed for the office or for a special occasion, the Sim-Plicity offers you a perfect polished look.	If you need a dress-casual shoe that is seasonless, then take a look at this sleek Kenneth Cole Reaction oxford. Set in a smooth leather upper with elegant seam lines throughout, you're sure to look your best in the Kenneth Cole Reaction Simplicity. Soft leather lining and cushioned insole provide your feet with comfort. Make an impression in the Kenneth Cole Reaction Simplicity.

Women's Sporto Sophie Fashion Boots. These fashion-forward Sporto Sophie Boots will dress-up a pair of jean for a night out, or go great with your dress pants at the office

An elite shoe, designed for the player who dominates game, set and match. Lightweight and breathable, with smooth and resilient cushioning to give you better comfort and control on the court.	The Adidas A3 Axiom running shoes are all about the energy return. These kicks will cushion, support and propel your foot forward through every foot strike. This pair of shoes features

Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids family of children's shoes and accessories are built to outfit your little ones from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child can now wear Western Chief's array of products in any kind of weather. They even have slippers, so kids can wear their favorite characters indoors!

Enhanced internal foam package for the Team Basketball player. Soft, full-grain leather upper with chrome detailing. PU sockliner provides maximum comfort. Herringbone traction rubber outsole adds durability.  Weight 16.8 oz.

Converse Steel Toe Hi Athletics. SAVE on safety protection with all the right moves! These are warehouse-worthy safety footwear, but they've got game when it comes to style and comfort! They're work shoes that feel more like play... and they're a terrific big bucks off value here! Good to go

Emmit's "Flipper Slippers"	These ducky flippers in butter velour are sure to keep your tots tootsies warm!

Klub Nico is a brand of Ipanema, Inc. a Northern California-based company founded by Kelley A. Lehner in 2003. All Klub Nico footwear is manufactured in the south of Brazil using a combination of traditional craftsmanship and the latest technology in shoe making. Their mission is to provide quality, unique shoes suitable for the modern fashionable women.	Gorgeous design elements flow together to create this super warm bootie. The rich suede leather contrasts nicely with the softness of the exposed fur and a leather knot adds interest for a finishing touch.

The Converse Wade 2.0 basketball shoe features an engineered internal bootie construction that provides glove-like comfort and fit. The bootie serves for motion control and stabilization during aggressive play. Internal double-lasted construction allows for low center-of-gravity important for active guard play. External stabilizers add support and motion control to help prevent roll over. Mesh tongue helps with ventilation and moisture management, keeping the foot dry and comfortable. Embossed upper materials give support. Memory collar foams conform to the ankle and deliver support and comfort. Top quality compression molded innersole with Poron inserts for optimum cushion and energy return. High traction/high wear rubber outsole compound. Foot Strike Management technology allows for medial radius and lateral outrigger. Helps with transition and planting during aggressive cuts. Wt 15.8 oz.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The Steve Madden Poseyy shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

The Womens Teva X-1 Control trail running shoe provides greater stability than its big sister. The X-1 Control is for the trail runner looking to cover a wide variety of terrain. With Teva's Wraptor Lite support system you get the micro fit you need without over tightening in other areas. The EVA mid-sole is medially posted with an encapsulated shock pad in the heel which is comfortable and durable. The lug design makes it, well, self cleaning. In all, the X-1 Control provides the right blend of cushioning, flexibility, stability and responsiveness. Other Features

Enjoy the relaxed feel of a slip-on with the easy on-and-off of Velcro in the classically styled Fairmont from Florsheim. Made with black soft leather and a durable rubber sole, this slip-on features sheep linings, sock linings, and a fully-cushioned footbed for matchless comfort.	Men's Florsheim Fairmont Dress Shoes. Casual Shoes designed for comfort. The Fairmont has an adjustable Velcro closure; Both have soft leather uppers; Rubber outsole for traction; Leather quarter linings and sock linin; Fully cushioned footbed; Approx. 18 ozs. each. State Color, Width and Size. Take your pick and order today! Please Note

Made for wide feet. Sidi's triple VELCRO model gives you that classic Sidi fit, with the simplicity of hook and loop fasteners. Add in the Millennium II sole and enhanced graphics and this value-laden shoe just keeps getting better. Fit relievers on tongue. Replaceable Heel Tab. Molded Plastic Heel Cup.

Founded over 100 years ago, Woolrich is the Original Outdoor Company. Woolrich is committed to being solely customer focused, and not selling out to the "disposable" trends of today.	Experience rugged style and lasting comfort with the Woolrich Redwood.  Full fabric uppers in a unique camouflage print for handsome appeal.  Sherpa lining aids in wicking moisture away from your feet to keep them dry.  Thick memory foam footbed cushions your weary feet with luscious padding.  Durable rubber outsole is ideal for non-slip grip and extended wear.  Product measurements were taken using size XS (Men's 8-8.5). Please note that measurements may vary by size.

Long lasting and too comfortable for words, the Minnetonka men's Deerskin Driving Moc is an excellent investment when your feet are tired and stressed. pamper your feet in this cushioned from heel to toe slipper with a rubber out-sole. Featuring a deerskin construction inside and out this slipper will form to the shape of your foot and will allow for some give to help eliminate painful pinching of the feet.

Men's motion control running shoe for runners who require maximum motion control, support and cushioning.

Men's Irish Setter Trailblazer Oxfords. Trailblazers from Irish Setter are high-quality Shoes you'll love

This open toe sling-back will definitely let the heat rise this summer.		Great studded detailing on leather straps.		Adjustable hook and loop closure.		PU wedge unit.		Padded suede anatomic footbed.		Rubber sole.		Made in Italy.		2" heel.

The mesh upper with synthetic leather overlays makes for a supportive, quick-drying shoes. Molded, removable Nitracel Engage Sockliner for a personal fit. CMEVA midsole for comfort and shock absorption. Herringbone outsole for traction on deck and in pool. Wt. 7.8 oz.

Safely take on the world with the woven seatbelt styling of this large tote from Harveys. This casual bag has dual shoulder straps and a secure zipper closure. The logoed interior features front and back wall pockets for help with organization and order. This is the perfect throw-it-over-your-shoulder-and-go handbag, which will complement your fast-paced lifestyle.	Meet the HARVEYS, husband and wife Dana and Melanie Harvey. In March 1997, while installing seatbelts into their 1950 Buick, they had the idea of making Melanie a matching handbag. Everyone loved hers so much that they decided to make more. They started m

The hottest, trendiest Chinese Mesh Slippers are here. These Asian mesh mules are great for any time of year, indoors or out. Great for the beach! Adorned with beads and sequins, arranged as orchids, your feet will literally twinkle and sparkle with every step. Plastic mesh allows the feet to breathe comfortably. Flat, slip-proof rubber soles. Women sizes. These mesh sandals/slippers is what everyone is buying and looking for. Makes a great gift! Get some for your friends and family today!  Sold In Women's US sizes

4 inch Heel Knee High Boot Women's Size Shoe With 2 Buckles, Foldover Knee guard, and Inner Zipper.

If you're an avid walker and need a sturdy shoe that offers complete protection, then the Life Walker sneaker from Propet is perfect for your active lifestyle. Its perforated upper will add maximum breathability while its fully padded lining and footbed will keep you feeling good with every step. And with full shock absorption, your stride, and your life, will be that much easier. Speaking of easy, nothing's quite as convenient as straps with hook-and-loop fastenings.	No ties to bind, no strings attached. Go for strolls in these Propet Velcro Life Walkers, with easy on / off straps. A great pair of ultra-comfortable Shoes you can slip on for walking, errand-running and long lines at the grocery store. And when I say "slip on," I mean just that... there are just 2 Velcro straps you simply pull open and press closed! Long-lasting leather uppers; No-trip, no-slip rubber outsole; Impact-absorbing EVA midsole; Cushioning, removable nylon-lined EVA insole; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Padded tongue and collar; Dual Velcro straps means no messing with shoe strings. Each approx. 4 1/2"h., 12 ozs. State Color, Width

Large Leather Handbag Organizer by Leather Impressions. Made of soft full grain cowhide leather, this handbag has many organizational features. Two large main compartments with zippered closures. The front side has a cell phone pocket with snap closure and two zippered compartments. The backside has a zippered compartment and a large pocket with a snap closure. Included is an adjustable shoulder strap (up to 55 inches) that will allow the bag to hang vertically off the shoulder. This bag sells both to men (man bag) and women. For a larger view of this item, please click on the pictures. The handbag measures 7X9X4 inches. Available in Black and Dk. Brown. An outstanding value. Compares to Department store price of $39.95-59.95.

Hi-Tec's most supportive trail runner. Protect you ankles and keep your tootsies dry while you run the trails. Hi-Tec Multiterra Mids feature more support for your ankle. Perfect for walking, running or just knocking around. Lightweight, flexible comfort like a running shoe and sure-footed like a hiking boot. Plus a women's-specific last for a perfect fit and all 31 years of Hi-Tec's footwear knowledge built in. Here's the details

The Martini Tote is an elegant piece to store or transport your favorite spirits. With the fully insulated bottle holder, your spirits will maintain the perfect temperature. Whether you feature this item in your home or on an outing, this item will become a focal point. The Martini Tote resounds with quality and sophistication. The ideal gift for yourself or others!

High Gloss Military Dress Shoes

A classic design now in splashy new colors. The sporty, comfy Saucony has a lot to offer

The Runway uses fine leather and a subtly modern design to keep you fashionable in a classic Oxford shoe that hits the road with ease. The polyurethane outsole absorbs shocks so your feet don't, and the breathable leather sockliner keeps you feeling smooth.	Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

The Reebok S. Carter BB III basketball shoe features a synthetic leather upper with a non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 11.6 oz.

The Keen Women's Waimea Sandal keeps your foot cool and your toes protected. Keen's signature toe protection for enhanced performance and comfort. Machine Washable Keen's sandals are machine washable, and the leather uppers will not crack, shrink or stretch when washed.KEEN believes in a Hybrid Life, a life that balances creativity, a passion for playing in the outdoors, and caring about causes that make a difference. It is a community of people balancing the things that matter most. Create, play, and care. It's a way of life (HybridLife)!.The KEEN FOUNDATION stands for turning ideals into actions. We partner with environmental conservation and social organizations, particularly those interested in connecting people with the outdoors.Buy with confidence. We guarantee this is a brand new and 100% original product from Keen.

The Adidas Meteor sprint track spike combines a lace and zipper stretch closure system for a sock-like fit. The sleek, low profile design is made for the competitive sprinter or hurdler who seeks a flexible sprint spike. Lightweight combination mesh and synthetic patent and metallic leather overlays. Mesh tongue with eyelet lace side tabs. Stretch material, zipper lace cover. Padded textile heel and ankle liner. Nylon six-spike forefoot plate. Rubber artificial shark skin heel provides enhanced traction on rubberized surfaces. Wt. 7.0 oz.

The Adidas T-Mac 5 men's basketball shoes not only play great, but they look awesome too. Well, they pretty much had to if they wanted to sport all-star Tracy McGrady's signature on their upper. This pair of shoes features

The Reebok ATR Pump Fly basketball shoe features a leather and synthetic upper. Mid-cut design delivers added stability and ankle support. Auto/Off technology provides custom fit. Forefoot outrigger offers medial/lateral stability. High abrasion rubber herringbone outsole gives durability and maximum traction. Wt. 16.2 oz.

Little people deserve style too, and this Brian dress shoe from Deer Stags will give him just that. With its simple design, this classic leather shoe has elastic goring that will flex to fit his growing feet, while the slip-on style means no worries about laces coming undone.	Handsome loafers featuring a synthetic leather upper with a square toe, twin gore and easy slip-on entry. Perfect for formal events or school uniforms.

This skate shoe from C1RCA is The missing Link to top-notch style and performance. With a durable upper, high-cut ankle support, and decorative overlays, you'll be looking and feeling your best. A treaded rubber sole gives you traction on or off the board.	Key Features of the Circa The Link Skate Shoes

Take care of that great pair of golf shoes you just brought home with Wilson Cedar Shoe Trees. These trees will extend the comfort and life of your golf shoes. The aromatic cedar shoe trees absorb moisture and deodorize your golf shoes and they help maintain proper form and fit. The Wilson trees are sold in pairs and fit sizes eight through 12.	Aromatic cedar shoe trees absorb moisture and deodorize your golf shoes while maintaining proper form and fit.

Rockport's Ellingwood oxford will keep you looking as great as you feel with its classic good looks and traditional silhouette. Featuring a padded footbed and heel collar, it will comfort you where you need it most so that you can endure in your busy day without sweating the small stuff.	Even when the weather's not on your side, you'll look your professional best in the Rockport Ellingwood oxford. Part of the Rockport Office Essentials collection, this timeless men's dress shoe features a waterproof full grain leather upper and waterproof insole board to protect you from the elements. Inside, the polyurethane Kinetic Air CirculatorTM footbed uses a patented active-air design to help you keep your cool in a variety of situations. The cap-toe Rockport Ellingwood dress oxford is finished with a lightweight polyurethane sole to carry you through your day in style.

Brand new

The industry's most popular road shoe is now ready for the trail. The ASICS GT-2120 Trail running shoe provides cushioning, support and traction for all types of terrain. Performance trail upper reduces heat and perspiration build up inside the shoe while providing a highly water resistant upper. Gusset construction helps prevent debris from entering the shoe and causing irritation. Impact Guidance System (IGS) enhances the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. Solyte midsole material delivers a lightweight package. GEL Cushioning Systems attenuate shock during impact phase and toe off phases. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. Wt. 11.8 oz.

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, offers thousands of limited edition and one-of-a-kind gifts, jewelry, and home decor treasures handmade by master artists and artisans throughout the world. From the oneNest Collection comes this original purse, its fuchsia and lilac blossoms radiant in psychedelic splendor. Sewn of wool, the purse's green background is perfect for the florid trio. Artisan Info

Designed for the runner seeking support and structured cushioning for high-mileage training. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical SpEva(TM) midsole, Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) in rearfoot allows the foot to perform in a more natural manner, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, and DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves for rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike.             Wt. 9.5 oz.

Step out with style and confidence in the Dr. Martens Zack 4-Eye casual shoe, featuring a grizzly leather upper with unique cornerstitch detailing. Zack sole unit and translucent rubber outsole with grooved sidewall and yellow stitch complete the look of this stylish casual shoe.

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Stylish looks with AirWair comfort! Dr. Martens 6 - eyelet Casuals. SAVE BIG! For dependable results, you can always count on the good Doctor. These Shoes are ready to handle just about anything. Every step you make will be confidently absorbed by the famous AirWair air-cushioning insole. Thanks to a slight change in style, We were able to grab up a small shipment for way less than cost. You SAVE BIG BUCKS OFF original retail. Take a look

The Mary Jane is a Mary Jane Comfort Shoe by Crocs. The Mary Jane is available in the Colors Black, Choc, Pink, Army, Burg, Gold, Orng, Red, Celer, Lavender, Seafo, Slv, Fusch and Pearl White. This Crocs Mary Jane is available in sizes 6, 7, 8, 11 and 10. This Womens Mary Jane has all the comfort you are looking for and expect from Crocs in a rainbow of colors. Single strap goes over the top of the foot and a comfort strap for behind the foot. looking for and expect from Crocs in a rainbow of colors. Single strap goes over the top of the foot and a comfort strap for behind the foot.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Athletic shoe comfort with a business casual look! Men's Rockport Coleshill Casuals. SAVE BIG! Who says your feet have to ache before you even start your day at work? Any commuter will love the comfortable support these Casuals boast. Even better, you can keep these comfortable kicks on all day at the office... they look that great! Details

A bold take on a classic adidas basketball shoe. The adidas Centennial Low Oddity is an updated version of the classic Centennial Low. It appears here with a low profile, a leather upper and a rubber outsole.

A touch of regal elegance comes with the Windsor by Neil M. This classic oxford is sewn from supple French calfskin leather and outfitted with an airport-friendly carbon-fiber shank. The leather-covered polyurethane footbed features a cushioned, shock-absorbing Poron insole. Wear them casually or with your best suit.	All Neil M shoes are designed and produced to give you incredible comfort -- all day, on all surfaces, for all occasions. Neil M has achieved this through the integration of design, materials and manufacturing elements. For people with orthotics these shoes are not only orthotic friendly but a great fashionable alternative from the usual plain orthotic shoes. Neil M unitizes comfort foot beds and super-soft leathers together with specialized manufacturing techniques so that all our styles are amazingly comfortable.

Not all walking shoes are made equal, and the Rockport Men's Astride Walking Shoe is a step out from the rest with its waterproof, lightweight, advanced cushioning technology. It features the Rockport Walk Dry with Hydro Shield technology that keeps it waterproof. The Dynamic Suspension system footbed provides a soft cushion of air that moves as you walk, while the rubber outsole provides grip on a variety of surfaces.      About Rockport Rockport, founded in 1971, is the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes. Rockport pioneered the relationship between performance and style that today's consumers have come to expect.  We've run the New York City Marathon, climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro, and sailed around the world to show our consumers our enduring commitment to continued innovation.	Casual looks for all weather conditions! WATERPROOF, BREATHABLE, Rockport GORE-TEX Stockholm Casuals. SAVE BIG BUCKS! From mucking through puddles to pounding the pavement, look no further for all-day casual comfort. The experts at Rockport have the situation covered with a combination of durable, long-lasting construction, 100% waterproof GORE-TEX protection and cushy foot-friendly support. Thanks to a small excess inventory, you SAVE big bucks off the original retail! Rockport quality

The Travelon Wristlet Clutch Handbag. Perfect compact & convenient yet stylish method of toting your few essentials. Has an external cell phone pocket. Tri - fold section with 3 card slots and a zippered mesh pocket for currency nd lipstick. Closes securely with a snap. Complete with wrist band and removable shoulder strap. Specifications

Full grain leather/action leather/1200 denier nylon upper, Two-zone wicking mesh lining, Removable two density PU Shock Zone footbed with air flow vents, 100% non-metallic, Two density rubber outsole with integrated EVA impact pads

jumpp red fabric 110

The super-lightweight clog that inspired a whole brand! Our patented EVA and rubber compound gently stretches and conforms to your foot for custom comfort and fit. The duo-density footbed supplies extra arch support and utilizes DRYZ moisture management technology to keep your feet dry and cool. Fun, comfortable, and light as a feather.

A high performance shoe that does everything and fits everyone. The patented Mythos lacing system lets you get the perfect fit for whatever type of foot you have. The soft unlined leather upper adapts to whatever shape your foot is and it is great for all day multi-pitch routes where your feet tend to swell. The Vibram rubber rand is perforated to allow for stretch and comfort. This is the perfect shoe for crack climbing with its low profile toes-flat-fit and the overall neutral round shape of the shoe. WEIGHT

4 1/2 Inch Chunky Heel Women's Size Shoe With Scalloped Trim and Ankle Strap.

The ultimate in eyewear protection and style! These lightweight sunglasses off the best in UVA/UVB protection with a virtually shatterproof, scratchproof, polycarbonate mirrored lens. By offering the sharpest color contrast and visual acuity, they reduce eyestrain. Top of the line silicone nose pads and earpieces are ergonomically designed for the greatest comfort. Includes a neoprene carrying case with Corvette script, all packaged in an attractive gift box.Corvette Central #

Black Military Straight Shirt Stays 4 Pack - Package Comes With 4 Pieces. Single Clip On Each End. Elastic. Metal Adjusters. Attached The Shirt Stays To Your Shirt Or Socks To Keep Them In Place While You Are Moving Around.

Born to be wild. New STEEL TOE Chippewa Engineer Boots tower 17" tall for maximum protection. We recommend you saddle up for adventure in these tough American-made Engineer Boots. Since 1901, Chippewa has crafted unbeatable footwear, using only the very finest materials. And these Black beauties are no exception. Sink your feet inside these gorgeous 17" tall Boots. And you'll soon discover the glove-soft leather vamp lining. Long on features as they are tall

Drilex lining which wicks away moisture and provides additional cushioningLight and flexibleOne Component PU outsole with leather welt and shock point direct injectedRemovable insoleUppers made of Drago Oil Nubuck

"Women's Velour Clog Slippers by ISOTONER.   Features a lux velour upper with satin trim. Available in the following fashion colors

Who says you have to spend a lot on a good moccasin. This one from Minnetonka features a traditionally styled upper complete with fringe and a stitched toe, while the nubby rubber outsole makes it street-ready and durable.	Suede Mocs

jumpp red fabric 70

A true American original, the Champion sneaker from Keds has been updated with a soft fabric lining, a more secure heel, a roomier toe, and improved arch support. This classic sneaker is a wardrobe staple that pairs perfectly with casual wear.	The Keds Champion 2K Oxford canvas casual shoes for women feature a breathable canvas upper with contrast-stitch details, a soft cotton-terry lining, and bound sockliner. Additional features include a rubber calendar outsole and a blown-rubber midsole.

Shoe Polish Kit-Brown - 1 Pack

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are

cult 26011 bbk 7.5

The adidas a3 Superstar Power 2 basketball shoe took off from the foul line and landed in the next century. The spring-loaded performance of its full a3 Structure outsole takes this design to the next level. The air mesh tongue adds maximum ventilation. Synthetic leather upper provides light weight and durability. A PU insole offers durable comfort. Internal EVA midsole gives cushion, fit and comfort. Structure midsole delivers optimal stability and platform. Non-marking rubber outsole with herringbone traction pattern. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Dearfoams is a slipper brand with great awareness. They understand exactly what customers are looking for-- from pampering your feet in cozy softness to keeping you one step ahead of the game.

Crocs Nile Sandals offer ultra-soft cushioning that is light on your feet. This casual open-toe slide is strictly comfort and features a heel strap for a true back. Ergonomic Italian styling creates a wide, roomy footbed, so feet have plenty of space to relax. The orthotic footbed conforms to the shape of your feet for just the right fit. The outsole provides sure-footed traction, keeping you steady on your feet. Made with Croslite, a proprietary resin material developed to provide maximum cushioning, superior grip and easy care and weighs only ounces.

This lightweight leather chukka features all the comfort, cushioning and flexibility of a quality walking shoe  Pull-up leather upper  FOOTONIC II contoured cushioned insert is removable  Shock-absorbing EVA-TECH microcellular sole  Stitchdown construction for flexibility

At Alki'i we believe in creating flip flops that fit your active lifestyle. You'll find our styles are trendy, affordable and worn everywhere. Our unique plush foam material makes them comfortable and durable for everyday use. We also offer a wide selection of color choices to complement a variety of activities. Each pair comes in our stylish drawstring pouch. Your satisfaction is our number one priority. Try a pair and we are certain you'll find reasons to buy more.

Straight from the Etnies skate closet comes the Etnies Men's Annex skateboarding shoe  a perfect addition to your casual shoe collection. An eye-catching suede or action leather upper provides comfort, support and durability. Padded tongue and collar promote fit. System G2 is inserted into the heel to absorb shock. STI Foam Level 2 cushioning footbed supports the foot on hard landings. 400 NBS rubber outsole delivers enhanced traction and board control. Elastic tongue-centering straps keep tongue in place.

For 86 Years, Dickies is a preferred brand for all generations and cultures. This is a brand that works as hard as it plays.	Dickies Kettle Lace ups are chore ready! Sure to become your favorites, whether for the jobsite or casual jaunts. Stylish, "copper kettle" full-grain leather uppers; Padded collar / tongue; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Supportive rubber midsole; Cushioning insole; Oil-resistant EVA outsole for traction. Approx. 26 ozs.; State Width

Invoke older and wilder times with these bold platform clogs by Naughty Monkey. This canvas upper with frayed edge detail and leather strap with antiqued metal ornamentation lend intrigue and style to any outfit. You will stand tall in this four-inch wooden heel with skid-proof rubber sole.	Naughty Monkey is a fresh fun shoe collection that originated in California and has everyone clamoring for the monkey from coast to coast.  The naughty monkey, whose identity shall remain nameless, heard constant gripes and complaints about how mundane and boring footwear had become.  In his monkey mind came the devastating first designs of a brand that would leave a lasting impression on fashion and how fun it could be.  The evolution of naughty monkey to this day continues on the same maddening quest to bring the opposite of boring to fashion and can only be appreciated by those who have a little of the naughty monkey inside of them.

Modest and masculine, you'll enjoy the casual elegance of this exquisite ankle boot. The Raspino, crafted in Italy with buttery soft black nappa leather, has flexible construction and a side zipper for easy on-and-off. Handmade by Bruno Magli, this handsome boot is the very best gift you could give your feet.	Founded by the Magli family in 1936 in Bologna Italy, Bruno Magli shoes and accessories are elegant designs of high quality craftsmanship, offering a sense of style and prestige to a sophisticated and fashion conscious consumer. Bruno Magli footwear is handcrafted from the finest leathers available, for a luxurious and stylish look while delivering extraordinary comfort. With a dedication to the extensive Italian design tradition, Bruno Magli has been handcrafting footwear and accessories in Italy for over 69 years. The result is one of the most respected, innovative, sophisticated, contemporary and distinctive lines in the fashion world today.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Proclaim yet another style Vyctory! This pump from Steve Madden will get you there. The smooth leather upper has the cutest, retro eighties ruched bow detail. It also has a manageably low, but still foxy, kitten heel that's made even more manageable by the padded insole.

opas black leather 120

You can't go wrong in this classic, tailored sandal from Naturalizer. The ample heel, rounded toe, and flexible sole keeps you comfortable all day long, while the clean design and subtle stitching-detail of the soft, leather upper, will have you looking nothing short of elegant.	Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.

Enjoy the easy, never-goes-out-of-style comfort of the Thunderbird moccasin from Minnetonka. This classic shoe feature a suede upper with whip-stitching, fringe and colorful beading on the vamp for a Native American appeal. The grippy rubber sole keeps you stable on the go.	Smooth cowhide leather 	Rubber sole 	Imported 	Fit

Smart choice. Chippewa IQ Steel Toe Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Book learnin'? Never had the noodle for it. But I could change the oil in my Dad's '52 Ford before I was 13. If you paid for your "degree" with a pound of flesh and a pint of blood, these are the Boots you want on your feet. Smartly designed... yet tough as nails. The IQ? It stands for "Industrial Quality," and these are loaded with it! More

Basketball's first ever player-endorser, Chuck Taylor, contributed so much to the sport that his name was put on the All Star patch in 1923. The shoe revolutionized the game and would soon become woven into the fabric of American culture as a true icon. In the spirit of originality, this special infants shoe keeps emerging as the true number 1 original with fun colors and patterns.

The Fluff scuff from Slippers International is a versatile slipper that'll keep you warm, cozy, and thoroughly cushioned. Pad around the house, or take it outside

In 1804, T. & A. Evans (Thomas and Amos) were running a small shoe business connected with a general store in the town of South Reading. There was no shoe factory as we know it today, just a small shop where Thomas and Amos cut the leather for their shoes. The actual shoe making was farmed out among the people of the town, while Thomas and Amos supplied them with uppers, soles, counters and heels to be assembled into shoes. All shoes were sewed by hand whenever the shoemaker-farmers could spare the time. Today L.B. Evans is owned and operated as a division of Daniel Green Enterprises. Many of the traditional gentleman's slipper styles are still part of the line, but the business has grown to include new updated classics, premium products including elk and deer, and an array or rugged, warm outdoor styles. Daniel Green Enterprises remains committed to the quality and comfort guarantee that the Evans brothers established over 200 years ago.	Your feet will love these down - filled warmers! SAVE BIG on L.B. Evans Slippers! Click image to enlarge... Light, breathable, cozy perfection! The kingly comfort is that simple. And while you're feeling "kingly," your treasury gets a huge break on this Close-Out deal. Premium full-grain nubuck leather uppers, durable, flexible and stylish; Long-wearing genuine leather outsole 100% down fill is naturally warm; Permanent fleece-lined padded insole; Soft, wicking fleece lining; Approx. 4 1/2"h., 7 ozs. State Size. Medium width. For you, or for a truly appreciated gift... it's time to order and slip into the very finest! Men's L.B. Evans Cody Slippers, Tan

Crocs, Inc. is a rapidly growing designer, manufacturer and retailer of footwear for men, women and children under the Crocs brand. All Crocs brand shoes feature Crocs' proprietary closed-cell resin, Croslite, which represents a substantial innovation in footwear. The Croslite material enables Crocs to produce soft, comfortable, lightweight, superior-gripping, non-marking and odor-resistant shoes. These unique elements make Crocs ideal for casual wear, as well as for professional and recreational uses such as boating, hiking, hospitality and gardening. The versatile use of the material has enabled Crocs to successfully market its products to a broad range of consumers.

Two - steppin' like an angel, in Penny Loves Kenny High Noon Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! A Western vision in white... that's these high-class, high-end designer Boots. From Penny Loves Kenny, a favorite in New York department stores and boutiques. But, the deal is a lot more heavenly here... a limited bit of "last year's" stock makes you a rodeo angel for much less! They're divine

1-1/8 OZ, Cordovan Shoe Paste, Regular Size, Can.

Show off your on-trend style with this Tea Party shoe from Unlisted. This knee-high boot features a ruched, faux suede upper with a cinched accent at the knee. Wear this knock-out boot under short skirts to truly show it off.	Show off your on-trend style with this Tea Party shoe from Unlisted. This knee-high boot features a ruched, faux suede upper with a cinched accent at the knee. Wear this knock-out boot under short skirts to truly show it off.

Indigo by Clarks introduces a fresh new expression of comfort. All the comfort technology you would expect, along with a sense of fashion, detailing, and fun use of color.

Sueded jersey full zip hoodie features raglan sleeves and shaped side panels with hand pockets. Features flatback rib inset panels at front neck yoke, cuffs, hem and side panel. Velvet back neck binding and flocked logo at left hip, 100% cotton sueded jersey.

A training shoe for the high-mileage runner who likes cushioning and structure. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. Full-length SpEVA midsole increases shock attenuation at initial impact, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems. ASICS Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) directs the foot from heel strike to toe off, the foot is stabilized and shock minimized, thus optimizing athletic performance. Two-density DuoTruss System links the forefoot and rearfoot and maintains midfoot support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial impact. Weight 13.3 oz.

Be fabulous and fresh in the Mara thong from MIA. This charming sandal has a knotted strap, a braided espadrille platform, a fully cushioned insole, and a textured rubber outsole for sure footing and a confident stride. The Mara looks equally stunning whether it's paired with jeans, a skirt-long or short, or a casual spring dress.	MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.

If I were entitled to only one pair of shoes I would go with black Chinese Mary Janes. Why? To begin with they are affordable. Sturdy cotton, silk, and velvet Chinese shoes go with any fabric in any season, dressy or casual. I have seen them on teenage girls, middle age executives and little old ladies. They fit any type of foot because they simply take the shape of the foot they are on, and the little strap makes the foot look smaller.

Soft leather upper provides comfort and support. Molded PU sockliner and die-cut EVA midsole for lightweight cushioning. High-abrasion rubber outsole increases traction and durability.

The Propet Women's Ghillie Walker adds more comfort to an already favorite style. The slip-resistant polyurethane outsole supports and stabilizes each step. Neoprene lining prevents rubbing and foot irritation. The hand-stitched construction ensures flexibility, allowing the foot to move naturally. Raised toe bars encourage a natural gripping motion, helping to improve circulation in feet and legs. It's easy to see why this style stands out as a walker.

This chukka boot from Wolverine offers fierce protection, so you can work hard and stay safe. Constructed of waterproof leather with sealed seams, it also features a fully lined interior, shock-absorbing midsole, and oil-resistant lugged outsole for comfort, traction, and durability.	Comfortable and warm, the Men's Wolverine Gold Soft-Toe Waterproof Chukka Work Boots aren't your average tennis shoe. The Cambrelle lining absorbs moisture while the rugged pigskin uppers have you ready to tackle the roughest of terrain. Ditch the sneakers and start wearing quality with the Wolverine Men's Gold Soft-Toe Waterproof Chukka Work Boots.

Ingenuity goes a long way toward compensating for lack of capital, an axiom Kenneth Cole proved back in the early 1980s when he launched his fledgling shoe store out of a borrowed truck parked along a fashionable Midtown Manhattan street. Gaining a parking permit required a clever ruse. Cole added the word "Productions" to his company name, reinvented himself as a film director, hired models as "actors," and got a license to shoot a film appropriately titled The Birth of a Shoe Store. Kenneth Cole Productions, Inc. (the tongue-in-cheek name remains to this day) may not have produced much actual film that day, but it did sell an impressive number of shoes. Today, Kenneth Cole Reaction blends fabulous fashion with functionality, creating urban-inspired footwear for work or play.

Women's Remedy T-Strap Shoes have adjustable Velcro strap for fit. Step into these Women's Remedy T-Strap Shoes, then adjust the strap for a fit and feel that makes them all your own! From footwear master Rocky, from their special health care professional line. Here for less! Strap 'em on

FootFitter BOOT SHAPER Novo-Mat with patented Sensomatic. Made in Germany. The FootFitter BOOT SHAPER Novo-Mat will keep your dress boots, winter boots and other lightweight leather, nubuck, suede and synthetic leather boots in perfect shape when not in use. Boots that are sagged around the ankle belong to the past. The unique and proven design of the FootFitter BOOT SHAPER Novo-Mat gently holds your boots in shape. Two-sided, lightweight plastic is equipped with a center bracket and the patented Sensomatic mechanism. This guarantees that your boots are kept in shape with exactly the right amount of tension. It automatically adjusts to a preset tension. Creases are eliminated, and the life of your boots is prolonged. The handle of the FootFitter BOOT SHAPER Novo-Mat is specially designed to allow effortless insertion into your boots, and it can also be used to conveniently hang your boots on a clothes pole in your closet. The FootFitter BOOT SHAPER Novo-Mat is sold in pairs. The price displayed reflects the price for a pair.

The ASICS Turbo Phantom is an elite track spike for events from 200 to 800 meters, including 110/300/400 meter hurdles. Two-toned synthetic leather and mesh upper changes from dark silver to light silver and is specifically designed to assist and support the athlete's foot on the turn. Hook-and-loop closure adds a customized, supportive fit. Polymeric monodensity spike plate with removable spikes offers a stiff platform for sprint efficiency. SharkDuo heel outsole provides traction for hurdling. Wt. 5.8 oz.

NEW Wolverine DuraShocks Moc-toe Slip-ons. Introducing new Moc-toe Slip-ons by Wolverine. Cushioning? Your feet will love the famous Wolverine DuraShocks footbed, with its maximum, pillow-like pampering. Oil-tanned, full-grain leather uppers. Permanent padded mesh-lined footbed wicks moisture. Leather lined for more comfort. Gored front panel for easy slip-on and a custom fit. Flexible stitch-down, moc-toe construction. 4" h., weighs 17 ozs. Slip into comfort ONLINE today! State Width

Enter the world of comfort with this soft, versatile sandal. Constructed with patented Air Design System, these sandals promote air circulation with every step. Spring Step combines comfort, technology and fashion to bring you everything that is important in a shoe. The Spring Step collection offers the perfect balance of style and comfort. Soft leather uppers, fashionable colors, lightweight.

Shoe Polish MagicNo more solid hands, No more Tired Arms. Now you can look smart in seconds. The Shoe Polish Magic Kit is a must for Every Household. You can save money and time with professional results. Features

Double - H Side - zip Boots. HOT cold - weather style! Don't put your fashion sense on ice when cold weather comes blowing in! These 6" side-zip Boots are the practical way to look sharp when the temps dip. Take a look

This classic leather sneaker is perfect for everyday play.   Sporty perforated details jazz up the ultra-soft leather upper, which features a padded collar for comfort, a scuff-resistant toe, and double hook-and-loop straps for a quick on and off and an easy adjustable fit.  The padded insole and flexible rubber outsole are designed for movement, and the Dri-lex "no stink" lining wicks moisture away, keeping those little feet comfortable and dry.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

The lovely Adelle sandals by Josef Seibel combine style and comfort for easy traveling. Leather upper in a casual slingback sandal style with a round open toe. Smooth leather with contrast stitching details. Straps with Velcro(R) adjustable closure for comfortable fit. Padding at heel, leather lining, cushioned footbed. Lightweight flexible midsole, rubber traction outsole. 1 1/2 inch wedge heel.

gosip black paris 95

The term boat shoe takes on a new exterior with the Largo slip-on loafer from Sperry Top Sider. This shoe was designed to "Get Wet" and take you on new adventures in pure style and comfort. It features a perforated suede upper with contrast stitching, a padded collar with a soft leather lining, and dual-goring for easy on/off accessibility. It has a removable contoured footbed with Foot Dry lining, and a flexible rubber outsole with Wave-Siping traction for footing on wet and dry surfaces. The Largo will keep your feet dry and comfortable while setting out on the big blue frontier.	Sperry Top-Sider Mens Largo Slip-On Casual Shoes feature

gosip black paris 90

As part of the Reebok Classics collection, the Ex-O-Fit low features the iconic styling and timelessness that a classic white kick has to offer. A soft leather upper, EVA midsole and the look that inspired a generation, the Ex-O-Fit is right at home in your closet today, just like it was in the 80's.	From a tradition of over a hundred years, these athletic shoes meet the demand for quality & performance required by todays athlete.

BCBGeneration delivers a unique blend of uncompromising fashion. Now you can have glorious style without skimping on all-day comfort, and with a variety of different looks, you're bound to find just the right complement to any outfit. Versatile enough for casual and dress, BCBGeneration provides the unlikely combination of maturity and playfulness in every style.	The Larry is a trendy pump with a peep toe for a cute style. The versatile upper will accent your pants or skirts with ease. The adorable bow at the toe is sure to bring a smile to your face.3 3/4 heel.

Luxuriously soft cotton Jacket

With its durable construction and supreme comfort features, Saucony's Grid Excursion gives you the support you need to run your heart out. This rugged athletic sneaker is designed for trail running and features a compression molded EVA midsole, midfoot support bridge and extra cushioning to keep you light on your feet mile after mile. The Grid Excursion also boasts soft and breathable fabric lining, a removable insole, and invisible Hytrel filament grid system for heel cushioning and stability.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

They'll love kicking around in the cool, beachy vibe of this Quicksilver sandal. The Carver features an easy-to-wear upper with a spongy and flexible sole.	If the tuxedo t-shirt tells people "I like to be formal, but I'm here to party," then the Carver Suede 2 lets them know you really mean it. Imported.Soft suede leather upper strapNon-slip textured foot bedAnatomically correct arch support

Energize your step in the most comfortable way possible with the Piers slip-on sneaker from Easy Spirit. This stylish sneaker has a suede and mesh upper with a neoprene collar for the ultimate in flexibility. Additionally, the removable cushioned insole and soft linings ensure long-lasting comfort, while the durable rubber outsole will provide traction on multiple surfaces. The Piers has a Spirit Level of 1, perfect for weekend wear or a casual stroll.	? Breathable, stretchable, and all-around lightweight wearable footwear for your daily adventures ? Smooth leather/stretch mesh upper ? Cool microfiber lining ? Removable Shockfoam insole ? Flexible rubber sole ? 1" heel Keyword

This stylish boat shoe from Sebago will take its place among your favorites. The rich leather shoe features detailed stitching and a traditional slotted collar with eyelets, and its tractioned rubber sole gives you all the stability that you need to set sail in style.	Hand sewn docksides with genuine moccasin construction.  Leather lined tongue and full length, removable foot bed for comfort.  Full length EVA cushion is sandwiched between outsole and upper for added comfort  Molded rubber outsole provides excellent traction.

Bearpaw footwear combines comfort and contemporary style. Their footwear is made from quality materials that provide a natural beauty that's wearable year round.	Keep your PAWS warm in these comfortable suede boots with a soft sheepskin lining!  Sheepskin maintains your body temperature and allows moisture to escape (keeping your feet dry!)  These boots can be worn with or without socks thanks to the soft, sheepskin lining.  These boots are a must-have for women's winter footwear!  It is recommended to treat boots with a water-proofing spray for suede products before wearing outdoors.  Actual color may vary due to the inconsistencies in the process of dying and variations in natural products such as suede and sheepskin.

Step into style that goes the extra mile in this rugged women's 601 Performance slip-on by Roper. Not only does the well-tailored slip-on flatter denim and khakis alike, but it also spoils your hardworking foot with countless pampering perks. For one, you'll adore the EVA-cushioned footbed and moisture-wicking leather sock liner that keep you dry and comfy, as well as the forged steel shank and rubber traction sole that deliver support and stability on all terrains. And who can miss the luxury of its leather upper and elasticized goring? Slip in and head out in wear-anywhere confidence.	Women's Roper Leather Slip-On Shoes make your feet feel fine, and they look great too! Roper's Slip-Ons in pebble grain or suede leather... your choice, both look great! Their side elastic gore gets you in and out of them quick and easy, while the rugged rubber outsole makes sure footing a given. Soft Support insoles mean all day comfort for you! Here's the scoop

Bet on the Fool Proof from Kenneth Cole Reaction for a casual shoe that blends good looks and comfort effortlessly. This summery slide starts with a tractioned rubber sole to get you over most any surface, then it coddles your feet with a lightly padded footbed for day-through-night soft walking. The upper is pliable pebbled leather accented by lots of topstitching.	The Kenneth Cole Reaction Fool Proof sandals feature a leather or synthetic upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

sweater babyblue fabric 100

Add an extra shot of style to office attire with Alberto from Stacy Adams. The leather upper features genuine snake, as well as lizard- and croco-embossed accents. The breathable leather linings and padded leather insole deliver comfort.	Reserve a place of sophistication in the Alberto loafer by Stacy Adams. Uniquely cut saddle strap holds the eye with a modern take on the classic tassel accent. Genuine snakeskin blends with croco and lizard prints to tailor the leather upper with stylish confidence.

This tailored leather flat has an elastic fabric panel across the instep to improve its foot-hugability  Kidskin leather upper  Memory Foam insole  Rubber outsole  1/2 heel

L.A.M.B. shoes are from the mind of acclaimed icon Gwen Stefani. Here comes a brand new fashion shoe line Harajuku Lovers and the fashion conscience will adore. This collection is part of a long term licensing partnership between L.A.M.B and Royal Elastics. Gwen Stefani oversees every stitch and intricate detail of the design process working closely with the Royal Elastics design team.  This white and black leather sneaker features a 'mixed tape' on the side and the gold lamb logo.  Style # 9462102.  White/Black.

Rugged, comfortable Itasca Commando and Trooper Boots. PRICED LOW! When "operations" need a little more muscle, give it the Boot! Not just any footwear, but tough Itasca quality in steel toe or non-steel toe styles. So whether you're on field duty, busting scumbags (book 'em Dano) or at parade rest... these babies "sole purpose" is to provide tons of lightweight comfort. On or off duty, they're the perfect choice. Pick from non-steel or steel toe versions! Features

The Threefold dress shoes by Hot Kiss makes Mary Jane magic with stylish croco wing-tip details, a croco band across the vamp with a cute button closure and a sweet 2" kitten heel. Dress them up with skirts or trousers, or go casual in jeans!Tweed fabric upper, faux-leather croco detailsPadded insole2" kitten heel, round toe

Fancy western style, with just enough "sugar." Sharp-looking Born Silverton Pull-ons, now you SAVE BIG! They say you catch more flies with honey... the words were never more true than with these Born Silvertons. Slide 'em on, and you'll love the looks you attract. Rich, deep, chocolate-hued genuine leather uppers stand out from the pack and the real kicker... they're plenty comfortable, too! Patented Opanka construction for flexibility and a padded, leather-lined, foot-loving insole make a potent combination to beat any punishing dance floor. Great for parties, fancy social events, family get-togethers or just a trip downtown to see the big show! Born high-style quality

WALKER PNEUMATIC SHORT Size

The ASICS GEL-Kayano XII running shoe delivers the ultimate blend of cushioning and support. Biomorphic Fit upper offers enhanced upper fit and comfort while decreasing the potential for irritation. Solyte midsole material is lighter than standard EVA and SpEVA combined with improved cushioning and durability. Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait while allowing for natural foot movement from heel strike to toe off. DuoMax support system helps ensure that the shoe maintains proper support for the foot during the critical transition from heel strike to toe off. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. GEL Cushioning System provides maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. Wt. 12.6 oz.

This awesome hobo style handbag is black nylon with a silvered rhinestone skull and crossbones pattern on the front It features a zipper closure, and has a polyester interior lining with 2 side pockets and one zipper pocket.  It measures 14 inches wide, 8 inches tall, and 3 inches deep. The strap has large chrome O rings, a metallic silver vinyl handle and accents, and a 6 inch drop.This hobo bag is brand new, with tags intact. It's great for everyday use or for a night on the town. These won't last long, so get yours now!

Simple, clean, and classic, this sneaker from Reebok is perfect for a fuss-free, gym-ready look. It features a padded tongue, collar, and insole for a cushy ride, while the rubber outsole is grippy and flexible.	Classic Reebok style, comfort and quality can be yours with these men's classic Workout Lo studio fitness cross trainers. Soft leather upper with classically styled overlays, stitching and perforations, full lace up front. Padded tongue and collar, comfortable contrast colored terry cloth fabric lining. Cushioned terry cloth topped comfort insole, cushioning low profile midsole. Flat high traction studio training style outsole.

"A man's work is never done!" Ambitious Justin Steel Toe Work Pull-ons offer double comfort. Now, BIG BUCKS OFF! Tough as you are! Riding. Roping. RAWHIDE! Chores call for rugged work pull-on boots like these lean beauties by Justin. Loads of comfort built in so you can manhandle a long shift, from sun-up to sun-down without foot complaints. Seems a factory excess ropes BIG savings for cowboys like you! Branded

Low-cut is for speed players who want a lightweight shoe, mid-cut made for speed players who require more support. Synthetic leather upper. Internal Lightstrike(TM) EVA cushioning system. EVA sockliner with adiPRENE+ forefoot insert. Injected Pebax plate. Weight 12.0 oz.

The Mizuno Wave Tornado is designed specifically for the high-performance player seeking outstanding support and cushioning in a lightweight package. Composite ZigZag Wave technology provides versatile cushioning and stability. The Wave extends on the lateral side providing volleyball-specific lateral support. Mizuno Intercool provides midfoot ventilation. VS-1 technology delivers point-of-impact forefoot cushioning. Gum rubber is applied in key outsole areas for superior traction and durability. Highly breathable air mesh upper provides keeps feet cool and dry. Wt. 10.2 oz.

The Reebok Crowd Pleaser basketball shoe features a leather and synthetic upper, DMX Shear Max2 and a high-abrasion rubber herringbone outsole. Wt. 16.2 oz.

Manhandle chores! Western Chief Work Boots. BIG BUCKS OFF! Famous Western Chief Boots! Ambitious. Comfortable. Protective. In your choice of non-steel or steel toe. Built-to-last, full-grain leather uppers; Sure-grip, blown-rubber outsole for comfort; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Each approx. 27 ozs. Permanent, Taibrelle- lined, padded insole for comfort; Wicking Taibrelle lining. Each approx. 6"h. State Size. Medium-wide width. Act Now! Men's Western Chief Steel Toe Boots, Black

The ultimate cushioned, high mileage trainer for the neutral runner/underpronator seeking guidance from heel strike to toe-off. Breathable open mesh upper. SpEVA(TM) midsole bounces back to assist during propulsion phase of the gait cycle, large-volume heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, Trusstic System for lateral stability and guidance of the foot. Forefoot DuoSole outsole with AHAR heel plug. Wt. 11.1 oz.

Dry feet guaranteed! Stylish Wolverine GORE-TEX Hikers are outdoor renegades. PRICED LESS! Renegades? Let me explain. These top-grade Hikers are iron-tough. Made to outperform. And Mother Nature stuff like rain, puddles and slush won't form foot complaints. You see, GORE-TEX membrane construction makes 'em totally waterproof and breathable. All the technology that's engineered to ensure foot pampering, stability and support. Seems a discontinued style saves you big bucks! Kicks

Josef Seibel was founded in Germany in 1886 by Karl-August Seibel. Specializing in premium handsewn products that promote flexibility and comfort, Josef Seibel shoes use only the best premium full-grain leathers, Air Massage and Air Ped insoles and a flexible polyeurethane outsole. Their unique construction is known world-wide.

Simplicity (in design) - Modern (in body structure) - Luxurious (in leathers).  Ideal for daytime activity, as well as evening engagements.

Men's Roper Outback Exotic Slip-On Shoes... they look expensive, but they're not! Roper's Outback Sport Slip-Ons feature stylin' ostrich print uppers! Their side elastic gore gets you in and out of them quick and easy, while the rugged rubber outsole makes sure footing a given. Soft Support insoles mean those dawgs won't be barkin' at the end of the day! We want to assure you that these Shoes, like everything you buy from us here at Bargain Outfitters are backed by our ironclad 100% assurance of YOUR satisfaction! Here's the skinny

Man Bag with Cell Phone and Eyeglass Pockets by Leather Impressions. Made of soft full grain cowhide leather, this hand bag has many organizational features. Features and Benefits Two large main compartments with zippered closures. Front side cell phone pocket with snap closure Front side eyeglass pocket with snap closure Front side zippered compartment Backside zippered compartment Backside large pocket with a snap closure. Wrist strap Included is an adjustable shoulder strap (up to 55 inches) that will allow the bag to hang vertically off the shoulder. This bag sells both to men (man bag) and women. For a larger view of this item, please click on the pictures. The shoulder bag measures 9X6X4.5 inches. Available in Black and Dark Brown. An outstanding value. For a larger view, please click on the picture(s).

Water resistant nubuck leather upper, foam for warmth, rubber lug outsole. 19.4 oz.

The New Balance 700 molded low profile baseball cleat offers the combination of support, comfort, and cushioning while maintaining excellent traction.

The Heelys Vapor roller shoes bring you a new style of kids' skate shoe with a special wheel housed in the heel. They allow you to transition to a roll at any given moment for coasting fun and original tricks. Remove the detachable wheel and it instantly transforms into a pair of fashionable street shoes. Features a textured and suede synthetic upper and polyurethane midsole. Easy gliding made possible with the Wave comfort heel bracket, Fats polyurethane wheel and ABEC 1, 608 micro bearings. Includes heel plugs and a removal tool. Select one size up from your normal size for proper fit.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The Saucony Grid Omni 5 running shoe covers a range of stability needs while offering an unsurpassed fit. Visible rearfoot Grid System. Forefoot HRC, SRC Impact Zone, midfoot support bridge. XT-900, XT-1200, b/cR outsole. Uses a responsive EVA base with a firm, stabilizing second density post for mild pronators who want a light, flexible and stable ride. Wt. 11.8 oz.

Put 'em on, especially when they're BIG BUCKS OFF! Hush Puppies Legend Slip-ons. Hush Puppies debuted its signature soft suede shoe in 1958, and the world fell in love. You'll adore these Legend Slip-ons, too. Nothing better than settling into cozy suede "kicks" and loafing around in comfort all day long, right? Look smashing, with BIG savings in your pocket! These are doing it for me, Dawg

Exchange by Charles David made its debut in Spring 2005 at select department stores and specialty stores. Inspired by the runways of Europe and trendsetters around the globe, the line meets the needs of the most dedicated fashionista. Its international design team mixes materials and details such as canvas and embroidery with unexpected, vibrant colors to create a fresh, fun signature look that is exclusive to this brand.	Go big in this sandal featuring bold cutout and slit detailing. Synthetic leather upper. Adjustable quarter strap. Canvas lined footbed. Stacked platform and heel. Man-made outsole.

From the quick-adjust closure to the engineered polyurethane outsole, the Shade slip-on from Ecco cushions and stabilizes each step throughout your day. Every detail of this shoe focuses on comfort and, of course, Ecco never scrimps on design.  Pair this shoe with skinny jeans or a casual skirt, and add a little comfort and style to your outfit.	An ECCO shoe is made to fit the foot, not the other way around. Ecco strives to create comfortable footwear of a high quality in classic designs.

Take your love for the outdoors one step further with the Z2 sandal from Chaco. This sandal offers an extraordinary uniqueness with its anatomical pull-through strap system; the single strap is completely connected through the sole, so you'll have maximum adjustability with a fit that will conform to any foot. The biocentric footbed offers premium support for your adventurous feet, while the durable rubber outsole consistently works hard to provide traction on most any surface. We know you didn't think it was possible, but the Z2 will have you enjoying the outdoors even more.	The slightly young brother of the Z/1, the Chaco Z/2 Unaweep Sandals for Men have a put priority on forefoot control. With a wrap-around toe loop, the Z/2 Sandal is the ideal choice for more demanding adventures; durable, supportive and comfortable. Built with soft polyester webbing, the Z/2 is fully adjustable, ensuring the perfect fit and the BioCentric footbed supports your arch in and out of the water. The Virbram Unaweep Outsole provides excellent traction, slip- resistance and thanks to angled lugs, is virtually self cleaning. So whether you are a seasoned adventurer or a first time paddler, the Z/2 will meet your needs and outperform your expectations..

NO dodging puddles. Comfy Rockport Hanley Chukkas are 100% WATERPROOF and SAVE BIG! Splash through the wet without a care! These beauts are totally waterproof (echo that)! Sharp looking, too. And "dig" that roomy moc-toe style. From heel to toe, these Rockport Chukkas are the ones for all-day comfort. Of course, Hanleys look sharp with your henley (shirt)! Tally-ho

The Ocala slip-on from Bostonian will help you look and feel your best. The sleek, shiny leather upper is accented by leather tassels and a kiltie detail, and, whether paired with business or more casual looks, will sharpen up your attire perfectly. The lightly padded insole is perforated for breathability, to help deliver cool confidence.	Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

A classic basketball update. Suede upper with synthetic form strip and a versa-terry lining. Compression-molded EVA midsole, carbon rubber outsole.

A combination of elements creates the unique comfort found in H.S. Trask footwear. Clearly, one of the important elements is leather. The Bison, Elk and Longhorn leathers they use have unique fiber characteristics and their special tanning techniques enhance these qualities -- you can feel the difference the moment you put the shoes on. H.S. Trask uses the highest quality components in their shoes including cushion orthotics, soft midsoles, high-grade outsoles, and fully lined vamps and quarters. Whenever there is a choice between leather and plastic, they always choose leather.	Women's H.S. Trask Totem Slippers are a skimpy 6 ozs. apiece. So comfortable and PRICED RIGHT! Poetry in motion! The folks at H.S. Trask did it again. They created these popular moc-style Leather Slippers for prime pampering from heel to toe. Sink your feet inside and discover the luxury of soft shearling. No cold feet. It's toasty warm. Toss in an attractive 2-tone style, along with contrast stitching. Simply marvelous! Just the footwear for dashing around the house. Even a short jaunt to the mailbox. A discontinued style trims the usual price BIG, just in time for the holidays! Shoe-in

550M105 - Black Suede & Spandex - 10.5 - Medium Color

Classic inspired style for players of all abilities. synthetic leather upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, Torsion system, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole. Wt. 14.5 oz.

The adidas Triple Star 5 baseball shoe has the traditional cleated look with a foldover tongue. Synthetic leather upper provides light weight and durability. adiTUFF toe and perforated forefoot. Non-slip lining adds comfort and performance. EVA insole, CMEVA midsole. High-traction rubber outsole.

The Reebok ATR Pump basketball shoe features an ankle strap closure. A TPU heel clip adds support and stability. The Pump technology provides comfort and custom fit. Sculpted EVA midsole brings lightweight cushioning. High-abrasion herringbone outsole delivers traction. Wt. 16.2 oz.

Waterproof, Leather, Leather and Nylon upper, Leather collar, Steel shank, Gusseted tongue, Slip-resistant cup sole, Rust-proof handware, Speed lace eyelets, Moisture-wicking lining, 8'' high, Sturdy consumer packaging

Solar Casual Womens Shoes by Earth Footwear

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	A sporty sneaker with ECCO comfort features. Upper made of leather, suede and textile combination. Soft, light and highly breathable textile lining with extra cushioning. Removable leather-covered ECCO Comfort Fiber System (CFS) insole. CFS increases air circulation for perfect inner climate keeping feet fresh, clean and cool. Excellent arch support. Direct-injected, dual-density PU/TPU outsole. Great shoe for a narrow foot.

MATERIAL

She'll love every minute of wearing Capezio's Daisy ballet shoe. The leather shoe features a lightly padded footbed, a split-suede sole for ultimate flexibility, and a pre-attached elastic strap keeps her foot snug and in place.	Constructed of high quality, lightweight, soft, durable leather. Full chrome tanned suede leather outsole for durability. Daisy print on hung cotton lining. Unisex no-print lining for black colorway. "This belongs to" satin ID tag. Bar-tacked elastic drawstring. 5/8" pre-attached one-sided plush elastic rolls with the foot and does not dig in. Wider fit, shaped especially for children on a more generous last. Also available in adult sizes. Begin with street shoe size. Please note that children's shoes are cut wider and a size 1 child is equivalent to a size 3 adult.

iglou natural suede 70

Who says all the ice princesses have to be silvery and light? Demonia by Pleaser takes everyone's favorite trend and spices it up a bit. The classic suede-like and faux-fur silhouette is there, but its daring and curvaceous platform and heel, this look is taken to a whole new level--literally.	Shaft Height

Fun flip flops! Embossed rubber straps have nylon tricot backing for extra softness. Elasticized straps at heels keep them secure. Soft rubber footbeds made extra-sporty with a cool screen print. With logo texturing on outsoles for traction. Imported.

American Optics Chrome GI 57mm Air Force Pilots Sunglasses - Official US Air Force Pilots Sunglasses. Scratch-Resistant Glass Lenses With 100% UV Protector. Made In USA By US Government Supplier American Optics. Grey True Color Glass Lenses. Steel Allot Frames With Bayonet Temples. Includes Storage Case.

The adidas 1 DLX Runner running shoe features a leather upper with welded 3-Stripes. Perforated EVA tongue adds light weight and breathability. adiPRENE insert offers comfort and shock absorption. Injected EVA midsole provides long-term lightweight cushioning. Intelligent technology continually adapts cushioning. Carbon rubber outsole gives durability. Wt. 13.8 oz.

The perfect accessory for the classic, preppy look, the tassled loafer is just the thing to finish off your favorite everyday outfits. Great with a pair of flat-front slacks, set off the look with a button-up for a day at the office, or grab a polo shirt for polished weekend wear. The upper is made of soft, kid leather for a flexible, comfortable fit. Nunn Bush's high-quality construction ensures the shoe will move with you as you walk, no matter how much of your day you spend on your feet.	Upgrade your style with the Manning kiltie tasseled dress shoe. This leather slip-on shoe features the unique Dress-Flex Comfort System, which provides a padded tongue and a fully cushioned footbed for comfort. The handsewn construction, kidskin leather upper, and leather lining pamper your feet, while the slip-resistant rubber tap on the leather sole keeps you steady.

Leather zippered checkbook cover by Paul & Taylor Dimensions

Breeze comfortably onto any scene in the pretty Merrell Gardena Thong sandals. This casual thong is designed with Merrell Q-Form technology that aligns a woman's stride. The Air Cushion midsole enhances shock absorption and protects your heel from impact, while the antimicrobial Aegis treated footbed helps eliminate odor. The combination leather and spandex upper features an adjustable strap that allows for a customized fit..

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	This soft, handsewn, buttery deerskin leather moccasin is perfect for relaxing around home, or scrunch them up in your travel bag and take them on a trip  Deerskin leather upper  Ribbed crepe outsole is slip-resistant  Twin-gored for foot-hugging fit  1/2" heel

Itasca Sport Mocs... BIG BUCKS OFF! Easy comfort, indoors and out

Men's Hodgman Lakestream Lite Wading Shoes with Felt Soles. These Lakestream Lite Wading Shoes are lightweight, comfortable and loaded with features anglers like you will appreciate

Create a fairy tale evening in the Cinderella pump from Touch Ups. Clear vinyl crafts the upper, complementing the lucite heel for a slipper-perfect appeal.

Leather Upper, Unlined, Strider Heel, 3/8-inch Pitch, Number 8 Toe, Cushion insole with Flex Forepart, Durango Harness Oil-Resistant Outsole

clint black leather 120

The Reebok Velocity XC covered spike is designed for indoor/outdoor track and cross country. Synthetic and mesh upper provides comfort and breathability. IMEVA midsole offers cushioning and support. High abrasion multi directional lug outsole adds durability and traction. Replaceable spikes give extra traction. Wt. 8.4 oz.

Soft, durable Sauvage leather upper with foldover tongue. TPU Traxion outsole. Wt. 10.2 oz.

The Aquatalia by Marvin K. collection is manufactured in Italy and is dedicated to making great looking footwear with the performance and comfort you've come to expect. This is intelligent footwear that's engineered to perform. Aquatalia represents the best combination of fashion, comfort and technology available in the market today.

Light, leather performance cheer shoe. 306 textured Finger Grooves for added stunt control extend completely from heel to toe for the ultimate gripping surface. Full-grain leather for breathable upper. Lace storage in tongue for safety and clean appearance. Elastic tongue support keeps tongue centered and holds foot snug. Removable footbed with double thick cushion and elastomer inserts in high impact areas. Low-cut for extra ankle mobility. Scalloped arch with finger notch in heel adds stunt control. Wt. 9.0 oz.

Choose from patent or lightly wrinkled leather, Mephisto's Elka slide sandal is an ultra-comfortable sandal masquerading as a chic finish to daily ensembles. Dual buckles and a cutout slide style assures a breezy, adjustable fit, while the contoured footbed, cork midsole, and rubber outsole combine for a foot-pampering experience.	Heel Height

Show off your team spirit with this Reebok MLB Clubhouse Red Sox sneaker.

The Native Culture thong from Unlisted is an absolute summer wardrobe must have! This lovely thong has a manmade upper with beaded embellishments, a comfortable contoured footbed, and a durable rubber outsole for sure footing and confident step. Dress up your casual style a little with the Native Culture!	Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted A Kenneth Cole Production makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.

As you stand at the summit your mind recounts every detail of the journey. You're triumphant, satisfied?. Then your feet start recounting the journey and you feel like a million tiny men are jabbing swords into the bottom half of your beat-up bod. Put on Asolo's OM2067 635 Women's Hiking Boots and keep aches and pains from stabbing your bliss. Asolo boasts high-tech shoes that have no limits, thus giving you unlimited adventure on your next hike. The upper of these water-resistant hikers is made with Full Grain leather, an abrasion- and water-resistant material that's extra durable. The lining of the shoes features Gore-Tex waterproofing technology a system of microscopic holes that allow sweat vapors to escape out of the shoes, but keeps water from getting into your shoe's interior. The result is an optimum environment for dry comfort. A Lasting Board Asoflex shank and anatomic Lite 2 footbed, give you lightweight support for the most vulnerable areas of your feet. The Asolo-Vibram heel keeps you from slipping on a slick descent. When you're forging ahead over rocky terrain, you'll appreciate Asolo's unique Power Matic sole system. Power Matic technology features three polyurethane densities that are molded together to maximize your mobility. The high-density component stabilizes your footing while the lower-density areas absorb shock. Low-density cylinders attached to the midsole shatter stress before it hits your feet. The Vibram outsole is made with dual-density molded rubber and delivers great traction with a durable design and self-cleaning lugs that keep mud and mire from tripping you up. These Asolo hikers are made wide, to accommodate larger feet and provide an improved fit from heel to toe. Asolo's Micro Pulley lacing technology gives you an adjustable fit that's superior to conventional lacing systems. This system - made with durable zinc-alloy, brass, and steel materials lets you lace up with ease and keeps your laces in top form. Asolo's OM2067 635 Wome

New technology from New Balance, the Zip 8505 features shock-absorbing struts and minimal EVA foam for an incredibly durable and affordable running shoe. 11.8 ounces

The Purity sneaker from Skechers add a little contemporary and avant garde flair to your casual wardrobe. This trendy chic sneaker has a nubuck upper with satin inlays, a front gore panel for easier on/off, and a stretchable collar providing superior flexibility. Breathable linings, a cushioned insole, and the textured rubber outsole provide all day long wearing comfort and stability for your busy feet.

Recommended by  five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Women's specific fit, full-length SpEVA(TM) midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Comes with 9mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Wt. 7.3 oz.

The adidas Barricade has always provided the traction and support you need to be an absolute court terror, but the already stellar design has been improved with the adidas Barricade IV tennis shoes. Those same great features that help turn you into an impenetrable force on the court have been enhanced with the adidas Barricade IV's lighter construction and patented cushioning for a more secure, supportive fit specifically developed with adidas technology.Amazingly, adidas has found a way to make returning everything your opponent hits at you feel even better than before with the adidas Barricade IV. The snug fit and ultra-light weight will help you maintain quick movement and high energy throughout the hardest fought matches by reducing muscle fatigue, thereby keeping your feet from dragging. Hey, returning everything like a brick wall shouldn't mean you have to feel like one.

Minimalist in its approach, the Women's Teva Cynder Sandal provides all the perks of Teva's design, comfort, speed, and minimal weight, with no excessive dcor. The padded straps attach via a hook-and-loop closure, so they won't rub or irritate. The traction on the bottom of the Women's Teva Cynder Sandal prevents most ground slippage, and the shock pad in the heel absorbs any vertical stress caused by hiking off the trail. These sandals are made for the trail, but you can definitely get away with them out on the town.Product FeaturesMaterial

Wet boots got you down Boot/sneaker dryer safely dries all types of footwear, including wet or sweaty tennis shoes, leather golf shoes, work boots and ski boots in a few hours. The fan base gently circulates warm air to dry your footwear or gloves out. Fill top pan with baking soda and turn on fan base to dry materials out. Fully adjustable. Requires 4 D batteries (not included).

This classic running shoe from Saucony has been a favorite among neutral runners for many years. Featuring a combination EVA/polyurethane midsole for responsive cushioning, the Shadow 6000 will go the distance with you.	RUN - Neutral Versatile to accommodate many different foot types. Supreme Comfort and Durability. Supportive upper. Weight

Hit the town or the sidewalk in this sporty sneaker made of smooth leather uppers for a clean look. Designed for maximum walking comfort, this casual shoe offers you a padded collar, Shockfoam sockliner and a durable non-slip outsole for added safety and flexibility. A perfect choice for low-impact walking or shopping, the practical AP1 Sport Lace Up will become your go-to shoe for comfort.	Geared for weekend outings as well as fitness walking  Soft leather upper  Moisture-wicking DRI-LEX lining  Shock-absorbing foam insole  Quick-flexing, shock-absorbing sole  Padded collar and tongue  Exceptional comfort system

Whether you're already at the top of your game or getting ready to play your first, this shoe is an unbeatable value. Classic looks and performance at a great price for players of all levels.	When it comes to shoes, soccer players and Adidas are on the same page. The Adidas Telstar TRX HG soccer cleats are a perfect example with the optimum mix of the classic Adidas soccer style with all the modern performance elements you need to dominate the competition. This pair of shoes features

Go back to the basics with the sandal that started it all, the Newport from KEEN. The secure fit strap design adjusts for a comfortable fit, and the washable nubuck leather upper looks as good as it feels. The rubber outsole features a multi-directional lug pattern and razor siping for the right traction over wet and dry surfaces. The metatomical footbed conforms to your foot's shape for personalized comfort that's way beyond ordinary.	Designed with an emphasis on comfort and foot protection, Keen's top-selling Newports are a runaway hit among sailing enthusiasts and boaters. This durable sport sandal features a patented toe cap that keeps your feet protected from underwater rocks, sharp obstructions and unruly crustaceans. Beneath the strappy waterproof leather upper is a hydrophobic foam liner and an anatomical footbed treated with an Aegis anti-microbial finish. The quick lace system requires minimal adjustments, so you're ready on deck in seconds..

Privo is a new footwear alternative combining contemporary active styling and comfort. This innovative new brand breaks convention through an unparalleled combination of performance fabrics, athletic detailing, and striking juxtapositions of materials. Privo's international design team creates products that redefine casual comfort through cutting-edge athletic personality and style.

This large casual hobo has a unique rounded bottom with plenty of space for necessities.

The perfect wedge for back to school or any casual occasion!  This wedge features a geniune leather upper with a lightweight rubber sole.  The outsole is textured for grip.  A cute bowtie is a great finish to this perfect wedge!

Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes are carefully crafted by hand in a process that includes 212 separate production steps. No detail is too small, because supreme quality is the cornerstone of the Allen-Edmonds name.

AK Anne Klein's Christa is the perfect desk-to-dinner shoe. This versatile pump has a sleek upper, sexy single d'Orsay cut, and vampy pointed toe for the look, along with a cushioned insole to provide the comfort. Paired with anything from a suit to your flirtiest dress, Christa is sure to turn heads.	Wear the Christa pump from AK Anne Klein from the office and then right to your hot date for the night. This versatile pump has a smooth leather upper, cut-out detail, a vampy pointed toe, leather lining, and a cushioned insole for all day comfort. Paired with anything from a suit, to your little black dress, or trousers the Christa is sure to turn heads.

Lace-free pacesetters! NEW Rockport Galesburg Slip-ons are stylin' at BIG BUCKS LESS! 34 years of know-how! That's Rockport. Top-notch footwear you can depend on for miles of wear! Did somebody say, "comfortable?" These babies sure are. Extreme cushioning and style collide. Not to mention a great Close-Out price. Seems a discontinued style spells bucks off. "O" YES! Out the door

Convenient size designed for everyday use. Measures 17" x 11" x 11 1/2".

Laredo is known for its popular prices, authentic Western styling and excellent fit in men, women and children's boots. Every boot in the Laredo line offers excellent quality and style at an affordable price. They cover the style spectrum from ropers to classic Western to buckaroo styles, always keeping you in mind.	Boot Height

You'll be one step away from walking on water with this Surfwalker water shoe from Speedo. This stylish aqua shoe has a breathable mesh upper with a stretchable collar for a custom fit, a textured rubber outsole for premium footing, and a cushioned insole for long-lasting comfort. The Surfwalker is a good foot companion in and out of the water.	Enjoy your water adventures in this women's Speedo Surfwalker Pro water shoe. The durable TPR sole with Speedo "boomerang" traction design will give you the traction and grip you need on wet surfaces, and the upper is made from quick-drying jersey and mesh.

Men's Rocky 9" Spokane Packer Boots... Rocky durability and comfort with Western flair! These Boots stand up to long days on the job and look great when you're out on the town

The Sak is one of the largest handbag companies in the country, offering multiple, highly differentiated handbag brands, including The Sak and Elliott Lucca. The Sak brand karma is happy and free. Peace and harmony among all things is interwoven into their spirit and their deeply rooted brand heritage. Their bags complement your easy-going style, taking you effortlessly from work to the weekend.

Clarks' Poe Mule is a literal beauty. With lines so fresh and original, all eyes will be on your feet. You, however, will have your eyes up and glowing with the confidence of your secure footing. The single-density polyurethane outsole and leather-covered EVA footbed mean business when it comes to comfort that conforms to you. Clarks' Natureform toe gives your feet the lift and flex you crave. About Clarks' Casual Collection Clarks' handcrafted styling and comfort technologies combine to make the casual collection the perfect choice for your active lifestyle. Whether you're out running errands or just kicking back on the weekend, Clarks' casuals offer versatile comfort and style. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	From its humble beginnings in 1825 in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity, and individual style has remained unchanged throughout the centuries.

Birkenstock is known for comfort, and this Boston clog is proof. Featuring the brand's signature footbed design which provides unbeatable stability and optimal arch support, this shoe is great for casual hikes, strolls in the park, and relaxing on a lazy day.	Imitated by many, the Birkenstock Boston Suede original classic clog is versatile for men, women and kids. Going strong after 30 years, this Birkenstock clog is a wardrobe basic year round. Enjoy the closed-toe comfort and support of the Birkenstock Boston, set in a silky suede upper featuring an adjustable strap for a custom fit. You'll love the original Birkenstock footbed of sustainable cork, featuring pronounced arch support, a deep heel cup and a roomy toe box and covered with a suede liner. The footbed molds and shapes to your foot for unparalleled comfort. Keep comfortable in this staple, the Birkenstock Boston suede!

PLEASER,Single Sole Boots,Knee HighDIVINE-2010W, 3" Block Heel Knee Boot, Side ZipAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Without a doubt, the design of these Originals Dragon Leather Running Shoes from adidas has earned its place in running shoe history. Bursting onto the running scene in the early '70s, the Dragon quickly became one of the most popular trainers of the era. Its timeless, sleek silhouette inspired this new and fresh reworking of the sport classic. State-of-the-art styling, like an EVA-molded insole and an outsole specially designed for stability on grassy surfaces, make this version a contemporary must-have. About adidas   The vision of company founder Adolf Dassler has long become reality, and his corporate philosophy the guiding principle for successor generations. The idea was as simple as it was brilliant. Adi Dasslers aim was to provide every athlete with the best possible equipment. It all began in 1920, when Adi Dassler made his first shoes using the few materials available after the First World War. The adidas name dates back to 1948, deriving from the first two syllables of Adi Dasslers first and last name. One year later, Adi Dassler registered the Three Stripes as a trademark. After a period spanning almost 70 years, the Dassler Family withdrew from the company in 1989, and the enterprise was transformed into a corporation ("Aktiengesellschaft"). French-born Robert Louis-Dreyfus was Chairman of the Executive Board from April 1993 to March 2001. It was he who initiated adidas flotation on the stock market in November 1995. adidas--a name that stands for competence in all sectors of sport around the globe. Today, the adidas product range extends from shoes, apparel and accessories for basketball, soccer, fitness and training to adventure, trail and golf.	adidas Dragon Training shoes for Women.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Columbia Tigertooth Trail Shoes... feel the next best thing to being barefoot! Columbia took the Sawtooth, a favorite, and made it even better for you... presenting the Tigertooth! Maximum breathability, and a low weight combine to make sure you're comfortable and fleet of foot on the trail... even on the longest days! OK, listen up

Stefano Ferragamo continues the heritage of fine shoemaking with the creation of Caligarius. Caligarius (Roman for Shoemaker) stands for the continuation of high-quality, handcrafted Italian footwear, and it's the heart and sole of fine balanced craftsmanship.

Looking for a shoe that's durable enough to keep up with your little one and comfortable enough for all-day wear? Look no further than the Dr. Martens 5-Eye kids' Padded Collar Shoe. Soft leather upper requires zero break-in time. Flex-link sole features shock-blocking compression chambers to absorb footfall shock from heel to forefoot.

The Zephz Youth Swirl soccer shoe features a uniquely designed lightweight synthetic upper with asymmetrical speed lacing. Riveted rubber outsole.

Perfect for the Spring or Summer, the flip flops feature rubber soles with team logo on the heal and the top of the fabric. Size Equivalents

UniSole construction maximizes traction through increased contact with the mat. Integrated lace cover conforms to high school, college, national and international regulations. Rubber reinforcement increases sole durability and surface area.

Evolving from just six t-shirts and a can of spray paint in 1993, Ecko Unlimited has become a full-scale global fashion and lifestyle company under the leadership of designer and founder Marc Ecko. With strong roots in hip-hop and youth culture, the iconic brand has become the touchstone of a generation without boundaries. In the youth culture marketplace, style and credibility reign supreme. Rhino Unlimited and Rhino Red footwear represents this culture in its look, feel, attitude and energy. Proudly emblazoned with the world-famous Rhino icon, Rhino Unlimited and Rhino Red footwear is in a class of its own.	Marc Ecko puts you in a starring role with this vintage tennis shoe. This sneaker-inspired style features a sporty leather upper with a round toe, stitching accents, perforated side embellishment, Marc Ecko rhino logo side print and contrasting 1972 logo heel overlay. Lace-up front includes a lightly padded tongue and collar for comfort and fit. Soft fabric lining, cushioned, printed insole and shock-absorbing midsole provide additional comfort. Traction-patterned sole delivers great grip.

Manufactured of spunbonded polypropylene.Sewn seams, not glued - offers greater strength.Elastic opening provides a snug comfortable fit . Non-skid. shoe

Imagine how grown up and handsome he'll look in this White Fever oxford from Kenneth Cole REACTION. In a classic, yet contemporary style, this shoe has a smooth leather upper, easy laces, and a fully cushioned insole for comfort.	This stylish oxford features a squared toe design with stitching accents and a stacked heel.

A combination of elements creates the unique comfort found in H.S. Trask footwear. Clearly, one of the important elements is leather. The Bison, Elk and Longhorn leathers they use have unique fiber characteristics and their special tanning techniques enhance these qualities -- you can feel the difference the moment you put the shoes on. H.S. Trask uses the highest quality components in their shoes including cushion orthotics, soft midsoles, high-grade outsoles, and fully lined vamps and quarters. Whenever there is a choice between leather and plastic, they always choose leather.

When you're facing down your opponent's serve, you need to be light and responsive on your feet. K-Swiss gets it and give syou the Ultrascendor. Engineered to shave crucial ounces from every step, this sporty sneak works with you to turn their killer serve into your own return winner.	The K-Swiss UltrascendorTM is the original K-Swiss tennis shoe. Featuring a full grain leather upper with design elements that minimize the weight of the shoe, this women's performance shoe is ready for action. The high-abrasion TecTuff toe wrap and DragGuardTM in the toe and the heel enhance durability, while Shock Spring technology provides cushioned comfort. The Asta 7.0 rubber outsole of the UltrascendorTM shoe features a tennis-specific, multi-surface wavebone tread pattern for lasting durability and traction.

Western Chief was founded in Seattle in 1891 to produce rugged outdoor boots designed to meet the harsh conditions of the Alaska Gold Rush. Today, they are still committed to making the same high quality, rugged work footwear. Built with the finest materials to demanding standards, their footwear keeps people warm and dry, comfortable and stylish, safe and secure.	Western Chief 7" Work Boots! SUPER VALUE! On the job or not, your feet are in good hands with Western Chief. Your wallet is looked after, too, at our low price. Take a new step forward in these factory-fresh beauties

Gear Aid Freesole - Urethane Formula Shoe Repair - Save your shoes, rescue your boots -Enough with the annoying sole flapping! 		Features

The Under Armour Hammer football shoe features a breathable mesh and synthetic leather upper that provides superior comfort and maximum breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Full-length EVA midsole for cushioning, comfort and dispersing cleat pressure. Performance cushioning EVA insole provides outstanding step in comfort and cushioning. Solid rubber outsole offers comfort and durability. Progressive Traction cleat shape-notched round stud fixed on a blade style cleat base adds outstanding ground penetration while maintaining rotational capability.

Carolina Steel Toe 200 Gram Boots are ready to serve and to protect. Should a hammer drop off your workbench and hit your big toe, you're pain-free. In fact, you'll barely notice. That is, if you're wearing these tough steel toe Boots by famous Carolina. They're ANSI 75 and Canadian CSA rated (a higher rating than U.S.) for super safety. Seems a minor style change spells big bucks off! Details

An oxford that's changing the way America walks  Pebble grain leather upper  FOOTONIC II contoured footbed  Removable cushioned insole  EVA-TECH microcellular cushioned sole  Microcellular cushioned midsole  Advanced CUSH-N-EEZ multi-layer cushioning  BLUE ENERGY high-tech, shock-absorbing insert  Outside heel stabilizer for lateral support  Padded tongue to cushion instep  Thickly padded collar  V-notch achilles pad

Genuine sheepskin lines this classic slipper from Staheekum. Outside, it has a natural suede and elastic sides to allow easier movement. This is the perfect slipper for getting the paper, letting the dog out, or keeping your toes warm during cold months.	Genuine sheepskin lines this classic slipper from Staheekum. Outside, it has a natural suede and elastic sides to allow easier movement. This is the perfect slipper for getting the paper, letting the dog out, or keeping your toes warm during cold months.

The distinctive look of Florsheim's Como Imperial loafer is obvious, which makes it an excellent choice for business or dressy-casual events. What you may not be able to see is that it features a luxurious hand-sewn construction and a hidden elastic gore for added slip-on ease.	Imperial comfort and workmanship. All things are not created equal. In the case of dress shoes, Florsheim Imperial Loafers literally lord over mere loafers by virtue of their flexible handsewn toe. More flexibility, no "puckering" and a better fit for your toes. The seam is even covered for the most refined look you'll find in a loafer. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

Men's WORX 5275 / 5276 6" Hiker Boots... trekking or toiling, they treat your feet right! WORX... now that's a name that's been around for a long time! We did a little investigating recently, and learned that this company has been turning out their popular brand of footwear since way back in 1905. That's over a century of crafting outstanding Boots and Shoes for working men and women, hunters, and even for the US Military. Depend on the WORX name and our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee... yours at a price that won't strain your budget! Step on 'em! Brown shoes have Nubuck leather uppers; Black shoes are waxed suede leather with reflective strip; Oil and slip-resistant dual density polyurethane cascade sole gives good traction; Removable polyurethane static dissipative insoles; Rating

#112301  Vencida Means iCell and Leather for Maximum Indoor Comfort

Once you slip into the Valerie sandal from Walking Cradles, you'll disown every other pair of shoes in your closet. The strappy design features supple leather and adjusts with hook-and-loop tabs fro the best possible fit. The durable rubber sole will keep you grounded, but the best part is certainly its thickly-padded footbed with massaging bubbles on it for a light and airy feel with each step.	Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!

POW! Affordable, high-quality Wolverine GORE-TEX Antelope Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Great for hunting pheasant, grouse, quail, even deer. You'll be glad you're wearing these Wolverine GORE-TEX Antelope Boots. Comfortable, but tough as can be, like everything Wolverine makes. Plus, they're waterproof and scentproof. A shoe-in

This smooth leather Mondy platform pump from BCBGirls fuses innocence with sass into a pretty little package for maximum sweetness! Make a really bold statement by pairing the 3 " covered heel and " platform with your favorite dark denim skinny jeans or go classic with a nice evening dress.	BCBGeneration delivers a unique blend of uncompromising fashion. Now you can have glorious style without skimping on all-day comfort, and with a variety of different looks, you're bound to find just the right complement to any outfit. Versatile enough for casual and dress, BCBGeneration provides the unlikely combination of maturity and playfulness in every style.

Women's high mileage training shoe for the neutral runner which combines Impact, Interface and SRC Xtra forefoot cushioning for the ultimate cushioning from heel to toe-off.  Medial Arch-lock enhances the upper fit.

This asymmetrical sling-back wedge is appropriate for any attire. 	Leather upper. 	Elastic detailing on sling-back strap. 	Man-made sole.

Designed with a classic look and the ease of an athletic shoe, this oxford from Sandro   Moscoloni is the perfect solution for men with full schedules. The Belmont's subtle, stylish   leather upper blends in flawlessly at the office, or after-hours, and its thickly padded   collar and insole and cushioning rubber outsole will ensure 24-hour comfort.	A captivating and fashionable 4-eyelet oxford. Features a bicycle toe.

cult 26011 wbk 7.5

This stylish, versatile large nylon tote bag is a perfect companion for all your travels. Lightweight and easy to carry, it features a spacious main compartment, three outer pockets, full length top zipper and shoulder length handles. Constructed of 600 Denier Poly Ripstop Nylon with PVC backing for waterproof protection. 20" W x 15" H x 5" D

Why wait a second longer on these closeout prices?  Our stock will not last long on these All-leather handbags.

PUMA ROMA SOCCER * UPPER--FULL GRAIN LEATHER* MIDSOLE--EVA* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH 1" HEEL HEIGHT * USE LEATHER CLEANER* IMPORT

Kenneth Cole Reaction Combat Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Check out these funky monkeys! Kenneth Cole gets down and dirty with these combat-inspired fashion Boots. Very unique, and destined to stay that way... this style has been discontinued. Put your paws on a pair before they're gone for good! Not your mama's

This trainer was built for the mild to moderate overpronator. A synthetic/mesh upper with reflective details provides comfort, support and nightime visibility. ENCAP midsole in the heel with a C-CAP core and ABZORB in the heel and forefoot offer exceptional shock absorption. The blown rubber outsole delivers a lightweight, cushioned ride.  Weight 13.2 oz.

Whether your taste is classic or high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication. The Exotics slip-on has a captoe five eyelet blucher with ostrich leg print leather and synthetic sole for long wearing comfort. Wear these with your dressiest clothes.	Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.

If you spend long hours on your feet, you have to pick up a pair from Dansko's Stapled Clog collection. Each has a polyurethane rocker-bottom sole, designed to protect the feet, legs, and back from the stress of standing or walking, and to propel the foot forward, helping you stay on the move.	Ahhhhh, Dansko. There you go again. Doing your all-day comfort thing. Making us feel so good on our feet. With excellent arch support and legendary comfort, you let us stand longer than ever. And with great styles in a range of heel heights, you have us feeling all tingly inside, just like the day we first met. When wife and husband team, Mandy Cabot and Peter Kjellerup discovered the world's most comfortable shoe in a tiny shop in Denmark in 1990, they just had to bring some home for their friends. When their friends tried them on, they told their friends. And just like that, a shoe company was born. Now Dansko not only sells their original clogs, but also heels, boots, sandals, wedges and flats too! Every style features the Dansko DNA - materials and construction carefully selected to promote good foot, leg and back health, so that you can stand better, for longer. Say goodbye to choosing between looking good and feeling good. And say hello to having it all.

Plenty of give-and-take in the 4 Give, the AerosolesTM comfort classic in a leather and stretch design. Stylish and versatile, the 4 Give will stand you in good stead for any number of occasions. You'll get a slight lift from the " heel, and incredible comfort from the cushioned outsole.

berlin brown leather 95

Whether you're a power commuter or someone who spends a better part of the day standing, you'll appreciate the combination of cool style, comfortable fit and tough-as-nails attitude in this versatile work shoe from Skechers. Handsomely crafted in soft, flexible leather, the upper features a full lace-up panel, padded tongue and collar and handy pull tab at the heel. Perforated accents on the sides allow feet to breathe, while the thick and rugged slip-resistant sole provides traction and durability.	Keep your footing in-gear and slip-free with Skechers' Softie work shoe. The lightweight midsole doesn't weigh you down, while the breathable lining keeps you cool and dry. A smooth leather upper provides comfort and flexibility. The high abrasion rubber outsole is great for changing conditions.

Stylish Dr. Martens Casuals... now PRICED LESS! Looks and comfort! You've found your new "favorite friend" for making the casual scene. A discontinued style spells big bucks off! Full-grain leather uppers; Dr. Martens famous honeycombed air-cushioned outsole puts bounce in your step to fight foot fatigue like no other; Removable Taibrelle-lined and padded footbed for comfort; Taibrelle lining wicks away moisture; 6-eyelet lacing; Each is 4" h., weighs 16 ozs. State Color and Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger size. Order ONLINE Today! Men's Dr. Martens Casuals

berlin brown leather 90

Step up your volleyball performance with the ASICS GEL Sensei. This high-performing volleyball shoe is uniquely engineered with systems that produce great fit and response. Volleyball-specific Impact Guidance System allows the foot to work more efficiently during landing and jumping. Biomorphic-Fit upper adapts to the curves of the foot for better fit. SpEVA midsole efficiently processes energy for effective landing and jumping. GEL cushioning provides shock absorption. Wt. 11.8 oz.

Synthetic/mesh upper. Dual-density ENCAP midsole with ABZORB SBS in heel and forefoot, TPU medial/lateral post provides pronation and supination control, Rollbar(TM) adds stability. Durable solid rubber outsole. Weight 14.9 oz.

Pretty rosettes decorate this fashionable slipper sock from Hot Sox.

6 inch Pointed Stiletto Ankle Boot Women's Size Shoe With Inner Zipper.

Embolden your glam side with this bold boot from Pleaser. Its chunky platform and flared heel lift height and offer an elaborate silhouette, while buckled straps deliver an edgy vibe. A full-length zipper on the side makes for easy dressing.	Heel Height

coyl pink paris 75

4.5 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Rhinestone T-Strap.

coyl pink paris 70

The Sak is one of the largest handbag companies in the country, offering multiple, highly differentiated handbag brands, including The Sak and Elliott Lucca. The Sak brand karma is happy and free. Peace and harmony among all things is interwoven into their spirit and their deeply rooted brand heritage. Their bags complement your easy-going style, taking you effortlessly from work to the weekend.	Here's a classic choice for you from The Sak

Italian made Bostonian Tony Cap Toes! PRICED LESS! The Italian had a pasta port! Boston tea party? Not. These are gorgeous Italian-made shoes, fit for any dress or semi-dress outing. Seems a discontinued style takes big bucks off! Premium, full-grain leather uppers; Long-wearing leather outsole; Composite heel with sure-grip rubber cap; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Permanent, leather-lined and padded insole for comfort; Leather lined for added comfort; Each is approx. 4"h. and weighs 16 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Don't pass these lookers by. Act Now! Men's Bostonian Tony Cap Toe Shoes, Black

From its humble beginnings in 1825 in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity, and individual style has remained unchanged throughout the centuries.	* Just a little fresh "south of the border" seasoning woven into your daily grind.	 * Beautifully appointed vegetable-tanned leather uppers.	 * Single-density PU outsoles.	 * Cushiony fully-wrapped EVA footbed.	 * ***Please note that the black Cilantro has light pink stitching.

Gear up for cold-weather fun! In water-resistant nylon with piecing of faux nubuck and rubber. Lined in polyester glacier fleece and insulated with Thermolite for toasty warmth. Front flap opens wide for quick dressing; hidden nylon snow-stopper keeps out moisture. Side strap secures with hook-and-loop closures for a no-fuss fit. Cushioned footbeds give more comfort underfoot. Non-marking resin rubber outsoles have texturing for traction . Pull-on ankle tabs make them easy to get on. Imported.

The New Balance 766 is a supportive running shoe that provides superior cushioning and medial stability.A synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in the heel and forefoot adds exceptional shock absorption. Higher density CMEVA medial post offers pronation control. The solid  rubber outsole is long wearing and durable.Wt. 9.7 oz.

Guaranteed to be the cutest boot in your neighborhood. Designed to be worn with matching green frog rain coat and umbrella. Available in whole sizes only

Beach clog? Why limit yourself? Sure, this sandal from crocs has a ventilated upper and a traction outsole to make it a top wet-dry performer--perfect for the beach--but we can think of a zillion other places you'll want to wear it.	Crocs Camp Clogs are ultra-light and don't bite! Light, airy and cool for camp, around the home, the beach... they couldn't be easier or more comfortable! True no-worries footwear, for men and women (and teens). Made with a special proprietary closed-cell resin that's both comfortably soft and highly durable. Ventilated to keep feet cool and dry, with a heel strap that can sling over the heel or rotate forward to make them fully slip-on Clogs. Approx. 5" h., just 6 ozs. Get your Crocs ONLINE now! State Color and Size. Men's

Rustic Cowhide Chukka, Cushion With Removable Eva Orthotic Insert, Black Thermal Plastic Rubber Insole.

The Reebok Pump Preseason cross training shoe has a breathable waffle mesh upper with a micro screen synthetic overlay and a Velcro strap. 5psi Auto Pump System. Sculpted EVA midsole with a TPU shank. Articulated traction rubber outsole. Wt. 14.2 oz.

Fight even the toughest chill with the 1443 winter boot from Sorel. Waterproof and rated to -40 degrees, those little toes stay snug as a bug whatever the weather. The innerboot is removable and washable, which is a great bonus to avoid stinky feet syndrome. The grippy sole seals the deal

The Gabe dress shoe will make your son look like a gentleman with its classic styling. And when he starts acting like a kid, you'll be grateful for the cushioned insole and high-density outsole that protect his feet and minimize the little pins and pricks that result from his mischief.	Stylish oxford featuring a synethic leather upper with a square bicycle toe and 4-eyelet lacing for a secure fit.

These Jungle Boots are of the finest available in the price range, they compare with current Gov't specs. Made of high quality cordura nylon and real leather. Features also include speed lace, padded collar, removable cushion sole, vents and a vulcanized rubber sole.

rowdie black leather 55

These are brand new Mickey Mouse boots with valves. These are extreme cold weather boots, field tested to -50 degrees F. They were first issued to the G.I.s during the Korean war. There are several layers of insulation, (wool felt)these layers, will keep your feet well protected in sub-zero cold conditions. The fact that these boots are made to the highest government standards, means that your feet will be warm and comfortable during hunting, ice fishing almost any outside cold weather activity.

Imitated by many, our original classic clog is versatile for men, women and kids. Going strong after 30 years, this clog is a wardrobe basic year round. Enjoy the closed-toe comfort and support. Features an adjustable strap for fit. Upper material

Enjoy the finest in genuine hand-sewn construction in the Como flat strap loafer by Florsheim. Fashioned from Black Cavello Kid leather with a leather sole, these loafers are fully leather lined for the ultimate in luxurious comfort. And they're airport friendly so you'll be saved the hassle of removing them when passing through airport security, making for smooth travels wherever you go.	Behind the scenes with Como and a relaxed leather atmosphere for years to come. Genuine handsewn construction, from the upper to the sole and everything in between. Creative freedom comes from the flexible sole and a linear saddle design crossing over the instep. Slip on comfort that has a voice and personality for your casual to dress options.

Full-grain leather upper. Compression molded EVA midsole for cushioning and support. High quality aluminum I3 quarter logo.

4.5" Metallic Heel Strappy Sandal

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.	Get easy-care shine and easy comfort in one. Say goodbye to endless polishing and aching feet! Because The Buy's upper is made from easy-car leather for a maintenance-free shine. And the comfort is guaranteed thanks to Deer Stags KENTECH comfort system including the Romaflex padded insole for flexibility and comfort. Details

100% waterproof, high molecular weight PVC compound. Extra heavy-duty, Bar Cleat outsole for superior grip in wet, muddy conditions. Abrasion-resistant nylon net lining for easy on/off. Steel shank for arch support.

SL1 A highly responsive trainer designed to provide neutral runners with cushioning and flexibility.Synthetic/mesh upper for support and cushioning. ACTEVA midsole with greater consistency in cell size/lower density of cellular foam structure increases resistance to compression. ABZORB in heel and in full-forefoot footbed offers enhanced cushioning and comfort. Stability Web provides midfoot support and torsional stability while reducing weight. Blown rubber outsole delivers long-wearing durability. Weight 12.8 oz.

Matterhorn Men's 8" Mach Boots pack Gore - Tex waterproof / breathable performance into just 28 oz. One of the lightest full-leather, waterproof / breathable duty boots on the market. At just 28 oz. these 8" Mach Boots pack guaranteed waterproof / breathable Gore-Tex bootie for comfort in the wettest, sloppiest terrain. Plus a high-tech dual-density outsole with advanced composite shank and lateral support system for more stability without adding weight. Built with all the features that make Matterhorn the choice of servicemen and law enforcement around the world. Details

The Finest shoe Dexter has to offer

Intensify your look in this sexy knee-high boot from Pleaser. Its chunky platform and flared heel present a flirtatious vibe, but it also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	Alternative, defiant and nonconforming enthusiasts look no further than Demonia for the most cutting-edge, beyond the ordinary line of footwear. The demonic diva connotation is by no means gender exclusive. Demonia not only reflects the alternative, underground lifestyles, it defines it. SLICK-100. 4 3/4" platform, white stretch faux leather upper knee high boots. Sizes are in Womens. To convert to Mens, go down two sizes. For example, a Womens size 12 is equivalent to a Mens size 10.

Made for the competitive tennis player. The Diadora Passione DA is a lightweight tennis shoe that puts a premium on comfort. Soft, lightweight microfiber leather upper features a T.F.S. system on toe to protect against toe drag. Foam-padded tongue and padded terry cloth ankle collar add comfort and cushioning. Removable, anatomically shape, cushioned Ergofit insole provides a comfortable, secure fit. Molded EVA foam midsole features Double Action 2 inserts in the metatarsal and heel area for enhanced cushioning, shock absorption and flexibility. New Air-Flow CCB provides excellent breathability, and midfoot stability. Duratech 5000 and 2500 rubber compound outsole features an extended toe bumper and a versatile tread pattern, making this shoe suitable for all surfaces. Wt. 12.1 oz.

Take the off-trail route with the XA Pro 3D from Salomon. The combination upper of mesh and synthetic textiles creates a supportive, yet highly breathable shoe. Ortholite insole has open cells for breathability with an anti-bacterial treatment for a healthy environment. The SensifitTM lacing system is integral to the entire upper for a precise fit. The 3D Advanced Chassis brings your foot closer to the ground, bringing increased efficiency and stability with pinnacle performance.

Try a flat with an extra sense of flair. The Boo Rue ballet flat from Kenneth Cole Reaction is comfortable and demure, with its padded insole, rubber outsole, and rounded toe...just like it should be, but it gets an additional fashion boost by its crackle-textured leather upper.	For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction to this exceptional collection.

Brand New Never Worn  Great for the Office and Casual Occasions  COME IN ORIGINAL BOX 100% Genuine Tommy Bahama Product! Hard to Find

Our waterproof and rugged Men's 6-Inch Basic Boot offers much more than classic Timberland style and quality.

Cushioning and support for the mild-to-moderate overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support, 3M reflective material adds night safety, speed lace loops offer secure fit. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot adds maximum shock absorption, Stability Web offers midfoot support and torsional stability, medial EVA post positioned to control pronation. Solid rubber outsole with N-durance heel pad, heel cleft reduces rate of pronation, anatomically designed forefoot flex grooves.

Full-grain leather upper with custom lace ornament and metal eyelets, rubber outsole.

Upper made of soft, nubuc synthetic combination. Features an EVA wedge midsole and oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole with intermediate tire profile.

Mizuno Mens 9-Spike Franchise G3 Molded Cleats (Low) feature

Tingley's waterproof overshoes protect your footwear from rain, snow and salt damage. Designed for extra traction on slippery surfaces, the fashionable line fits over virtually every shoe style and size. Made to last, these products are backed by a long history of Tingley Rubber quality and performance.	Weather Fashions Protect Your Dress Shoes With Style    Tingley's 100% waterproof overshoes protect your shoes from rain, snow and salt damage. Fashionable and designed for extra traction on slippery surfaces, our complete line of Weather Fashion Rubber Overshoes fits over virtually every shoe style and size. Made to last, our products are backed by over 100 years of Tingley Rubber quality and performance.   WOMEN'S SANDAL Style 5100 Midcut design makes it ideal in sloppy weather.  Features

Nike Mavrk 6.0 Lifestyle Shoes

It takes Timberland technology to craft shoes that perform on all kinds of terrain and in any conditions. These include special features that support, protect, flex and guide feet when walking, running or cycling trails. Imported.

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	Just because the weather gets harsh doesn't mean your fashion sense has to!. Features faux fur around the shaft and and zip-up closure for easy on and off.

Luna Rosa is a company dedicated to bringing you the latest in fashion with artisan hand-detailing and great quality features.

All hail the king of casual comfort and great-looking style. The Puma Men's El Rey is a classic slip-on shoe complete with pinstriped lining and rubber strap for one-of-a-kind style. Canvas upper with a rubber outsole.

The Montrail Odyssey trail running shoe is a good all around running shoe from city fun running to ultralight trail running. It's four density mid-sole makes the Odyssey a road worthy shoe. The low density heel strike wedge and the forefoot gel pad provide great underfoot protection and comfort on those long runs. The Odyssey has a medium volume forefoot with a pliable all mesh upper for almost any foot type. The seamless toe box and ultralight breathable mesh are added comfort features.  Other Features

New for 2008, Sidis Dominator 6 features the Carbon Sole Replacement System (SRS), a pure carbon insert reaching from the heel to the toe. The carbon inserts and the SRS tread are easily removable and replaceable, and the sole accommodates optional toe spikes. The breathable, supple, durable Lorica Microfiber Upper keeps feet comfortable with cooling mesh inserts. T he new heel cup is vented and reflective for added comfort and visibility. The Caliper buckle allows for easy on-the-bike fit adjustment while the soft instep closure system and padded tongue eliminate pressure points. The newadjustable Heel Security System prevents power robbing heel lift with a customized fit. Another feature unique to Sidi, the High Security Velcro wont shift or slip..

5.5 inch Heel Knee Boot Women's Size Shoe With D-ring Lace-up and Inner Zipper.

USMC style neck strap key ring holder	Large 32" Length	Quick Release	Quality Materials	A comfortable way to keep track of important items

fiestey red leather 80

In 1949, Mr. Kihachiro Onitsuka began his athletic footwear company (Onitsuka Co., Ltd.) by manufacturing basketball shoes out of his living room in Kobe, Japan. He chose the name ASICS for his company in 1977, based on a famous Latin phrase "Anima Sana In Corpore Sano," which, when translated, expresses the ancient ideal of "A Sound Mind in a Sound Body." Taking the acronym of this phrase, ASICS was founded on the belief that the best way to create a healthy and happy lifestyle is to promote total health and fitness. Today, ASICS offers a full line of performance-driven athletic shoes and technical active sports apparel and accessories dedicated to bringing harmony to the body and soul.	The men's Asics(r) Rulon wrestling shoe features an Ecsaine upper which is a super suede synthetic material that is durable, comfortable, and provides excellent fit. DuoSole(r), a proprietary Asics(r) outsole technology delivers extraordinary flexibility, lightweight and traction, while the 3-dimensional lasting contours to your foot for a great fit.

BRASIL FLIP FLOP * RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH .75" HEEL HEIGHT * IMPORT SALE PRICE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE ORIGINALLY - $14.00 NOW -

Calvin Klein Collection is one of the most prestigious and luxurious brands, setting the tone of elegance and modern sophistication. The men's and women's collections are distributed globally in select luxury department and specialty stores.

Style and comfort are all a man needs. Mephisto's Sam has got it all. This sandal features a strappy leather upper with an adjustable buckle. Its contoured footbed and shock-absorbing sole make this shoe a treat for your feet.	Casual sandal with adjustable strap for maximum comfort. Leather uppers are made with the finest full-grain leathers for ultimate breath ability and durability. Full latex foot bed. Shock absorbing system specially designed to reduce the jarring effects of walking.

Looking for the perfect pair of funny slippers? These cool Homer Simpson slippers are soft, plush and lots of fun. Your foot slips right inside Homer's mouth. They are the perfect accessory to our Simpsons pajama pants and boxer shorts.   Non-skid soles   Sizes refer to U.S. men's shoe sizes

The Bebeto lace-up sneaker from Bacco Bucci is a sporty and fashionable addition to your casual wardrobe. This handsome sneaker has a combination nubuck and suede upper with tonal stitching, a full lace up closure, and a padded collar and tongue for additional comfort. It also features breathable mesh linings, a full cushioned insole, and a multi-directional rubber tread outsole for traction on most surfaces. Make the Bebeto your new weekend favorite! Made in Italy.	Those who want quality, fit, and comfort know Bacco Bucci. That's because they've made it their commitment to satisfy the demand for performance footwear for the fashionably inclined. With a diverse selection of shoes designed to fit every need, their styles provide the ultimate comfort for casual, dress casual, contemporary, and dress shoes -- available in a range of sizes from 7 to 17. Their collection provides enticing designs that bring together fit, craftsmanship, and a broad range of technologically advanced materials into shoes of consistent superior quality.

The best of a running shoe and duty boot in one -- easy dressing side zip too. Light and flexible comfort for tough duty. Magnum Midnight Plus II features a lightweight, nimble midtop design and a more flexible "strobel construction" forefoot that flexes like the best running shoes. Plus all the full-on duty boot construction Magnum is famous for. Made to stand up to the most demanding situations while offering uncompromising comfort and performance. Details

Helly Hansen provides high quality, protective technical gear for work survival and sport. We work and play in the harshest environments on the planet to learn what's needed to create the best mountain riding gear possible. We combine athlete input with environmental research, design accordingly and the result is superior gear for riders on all sides of the mountain.	This is a mostly white and grey running shoe, that borrows a lot from your standard Nike or Adidas runners, stylewise. The best choice for trail-oriented adventure races and fast paced hiking, the Manifesto with Helly Tech water-shedding breathable protection is built with a rugged, well-cushioned sole for multi-sport outings. The Helly Grip sole allows for use in wet and slippery conditions to give solid foot placement. This is a great trail runner and also a solid approach shoe for rock climbers

jumpp red fabric 90

jumpp red fabric 95

Women's dress casual loafer by Franco Sarto. Great style for work and going out after work! Has soft leather upper and rubber sole for comfort and durability.  Item #108218

Genuine leather soles, with ankle strap and imitation leather uppers. 1 1/2" Baby Louis heel. Taps NOT included.Women size fitting

Dunham Terrastrider Mids ON SALE! Lots to talk about

Western Chief was founded in Seattle in 1891 to produce rugged outdoor boots designed to meet the harsh conditions of the Alaska Gold Rush. Today, they are still committed to making the same high quality, rugged work footwear. Built with the finest materials to demanding standards, their footwear keeps people warm and dry, comfortable and stylish, safe and secure.

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	The popularity of Dr. Martens is no accident. Men's Dr. Martens Quartz Oxfords and Boots boast incredible comfort and durability! SAVE BIG! Out-of-the-box foot luxury. Patented, air-injected AirWair Bouncing Soles transfer energy back to your feet... literally putting the ol' bounce back in your step. Stylish and durable, oiled full-grain leather uppers; Dr. Martens AirWair outsole for grip and comfort; Leather midsole; Repairable Goodyear welt; Removable, leather-lined, multi-density comfort insole; Unlined for cool breathability; Stacked 1 1/4"h. leather heel with rubber cap. State Size. Medium width. If you're one of the few who haven't discovered the lasting comfort of Docs, now is the time. Get yours today! Approx. 4 1/4"h., 22 ozs. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Outdoor lovers and gear freaks love to collect theseornaments reflecting the fun and freedom of the outdoors.

The long lasting resiliency and cushioning of it's new MoGo midsole make the Brooks Glycerin 5 running shoe an even smoother move for neutral runners and mild overpronators. The silver embedded liner helps keep feet thermally balanced while a touch of support ensures a ride that glides. Element Air mesh upper, e-1. New custom fit sockliner with Ortholite. Heel and forefoot HydroFlow ST-XL. Dual-density DRB Accel. Engineered Cush-Pod configuration. S-257 Cushsole. HPR Plus, sponge rubber outsole. Wt. 11.3 oz.

Columbia Sportswear Ice Breaker TM 1200  in Mossy Oak Camo pattern with 1200 grams of Thinsulate TM insulation, with ankle fit design for a snug fit. They feature textured, abrasion resistant rubber in high stress areas, with a EVA rubber outsole. They have a EVA comfort cushion insole, and are built with scent free construction.

Men's Florsheim 6" Steel Toe Quick Release Metatarsal Guard Work Boots. After a long hard day at work, you'll love the easy on / off quick release feature of these Work Boots! They'll protect you all day with a metatarsal guard, steel toe and more

Lincoln USMC Black Stain Wax Shoe Polish - Made In USA. Snap Open 3 Ounce Can. Produces An Excellent Military Spit Shine. Made With IMported Carnauba Wax, and a Blend of Other Fine Materials to Stain, Waterproof, Nourish and Shine All Leathers.

Boop Boop Be Doop!  Carry off your Betty Boop costume with this officially licensed handbag.  Pudgy bag is white with black spots.  Handles are attached to the back of the dog.

Grindhouse Double Feature Messenger Bag

This Georgia Boot Children's Little Giant Romeo comes with Covered Cushion Insole, High Performance Lining and Leather Upper. It also has a Lightweight Oil Resistant Rubber Outsole, Nylon Pull Loop and Repairable Goodyear Welt Construction. This Georgia Boot has a Steel Shank and a Stitched Oil Resistant Rubber Bumper Guard.

Biviel is the creation of a great team of shoemakers and designers. It is the young and more affordable collection from the owner and designer of Blay. The shoes are designed as "feminine relaxed" to be flexible and comfortable but always elegant. The leathers are the softest Italian calfskins- the soles are rubber imported from Germany. They have the feel as well as the look of Italian shoes twice the price.

441-59 Color

High fashion, low heel slipper. Satin upper and covered heel. Marabou trim. Makes a perfect Bridal Shower gift. A Wedding Day must-have. Heel Height  2 inches.  Jacques Levine Style KRAZE

Silvis 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulated Blue Ridge Boots are WARM, waterproof and so comfortable. PRICED TO OWN! The Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina! Like the granite mountains, these stompers are born tough. Dry feet guaranteed, too. Toss in 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation, and you've got welcome warmth. Waterproof suede leather and 1,000-denier Cordura nylon uppers; Waterproof, breathable membrane; Vibram yellow plug rubber outsole; Steel shank for stability; Removable polyurethane insole; Wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar. 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out debris; Each approx. 8"h., 25 ozs. State Size. Medium width. For a mountain of lasting comfort, get 'em now! Men's Silvis Blue Ridge 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation Boots, Realtree Hardwoods Green

Easy to use! The Scrushers polyethylene bristles remove mud, grass clippings and other debris from boots BEFORE they enter your home or business. Steel and hard maple construction. Replaceable brushes. 11 1/2in. x 6 1/2in. x 5in. U.S.A. Material

Icon shoes and handbags are wearable, functional conversation pieces. Products range from shoes and handbags to makeup cases and wallets, all emblazoned with artistic images, both contemporary and classical -- think Andy Warhol's Campbell's Soup can, Norman Rockwell's Kellogg's cereal ads, Gauguin's Tahitian bathing beauties, Degas' dancers, the Art Nouveau imagery of Gustav Klimt, and more. All of them, Icons. Icon shoes, handbags, and accessories are crafted of the softest, most sumptuous, top-grain American leather and use an innovative, permanent printing process to bond images to leather. This revolutionary process creates exact replicas of fine art and insures that the images are intrinsic to the leather, and the art won't rub or wash off. What's more, the process makes it possible to print very limited editions of each Icon style or even one-of-a-kind products.	ICON JAPANESE LIBRETTI Heels

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	All signs point to shine with the Stacy Adams Carl tailored dress oxfords. Shiny patent leather upper in a dress oxford style. Smooth, lightly rounded plain toe, heel overlay. Three eyelet lace-up front. Smooth lining with cushioned insole. Dress midsole with flat traction outsole. Square heel.

6" Pointed Heel Sandal

Servus, 16", black PVC, knee boot, Anti skid sole and heel, Meets ANSI Z41 PT 99 Section 1 for Impact/75 andamp; Compression/75 toe protection. Removable and washable foot form cushion insoles. Reinforced construction at critical stress points. 100% waterproof. Made in U.S.A.andnbsp;

The future of motorsport footwear starts with the Puma Future Cat. This fashion-forward casual shoe adds new hype to your everyday look. Its sleek, futuristic design combined with functional features make this Cat perfect for the street. Soft pig suede and full-grain leather upper lend comfort and soft feel. Asymmetric lacing, split heel and new last construction provide a secure fit. Non-slippery rubber outsole offers great traction.

Ragg Footwear sandals, fun and durable shoes that will meet all your child's needs. Available in a wide array of styles and colors, you are sure to find the right shoe for every occasion. Whether you are out at the beach or the mall the perfect combination of style and comfort brought to you by a name you can trust. Ragg Footwear, the brand that lasts.

Whimsical, sophisticated footwear that's both cutting edge and very wearable continues to be the trademark of this up-and-coming label that strives to address the diverse lifestyle of the modern woman.

The adidas Rod Laver is a high-performance tennis shoe of the '70s designed in cooperation with tennis great Rod Laver. Features a breathable nylon mesh upper, suede toe cap reinforcement and PU midsole/outsole construction for maximum cushioning.

The durable Danner Grouse Hunting Boot is built with the upland hunter in mind and delivers excellent comfort, support, and traction over all kinds of terrain. Tough full-grain leather and 1000-denier Cordura wraps a breathable waterproof GORE-TEX bootie and moisture-wicking, abrasion-resistant Cambrelle lining to keep your feet dry and comfortable. Stitch-down construction creates a wide platform for stability, and an air-cushioned insole reduces foot fatigue. The Grouse boot is outfitted on Danner's patented air-cushioned, self-cleaning Bob sole, which features perimeter lugs for excellent stability and superior traction, even through mud and snow.	At Danner, they are craftsmen. They pay attention to details. They forgo quantity for quality, with the knowledge that the boots they craft are no better than the hands that create them.

Sperry Mako 3-Eye Lug Sole Boat Shoes. Casual comfort. Classic style. These Sperry Lug Sole Boat Shoes are ideal for causal Fridays at the office and kicking back at your cabin. Check 'em out

The 2000 series continues to be the industry's most popular enthusiast running shoe. The ASICS GT-2120 continues the tradition by delivering all the great comfort and fit features that runners expect from the series, with the added benefit of Solyte midsole material for an even lighter ride. Impact Guidance System (IGS) enhances the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. Solyte midsole material offers improved cushioning and durability. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems. Space Trusstic System is an advanced system that creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. DuoMax support system helps ensure that the shoe maintains proper support for the foot during the critical transition from heel strike and toe off. Wt. 9.1 oz.

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 3 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, lightly tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The thick, Velcro-close tab provides adjustable fit and an easy on/off.	Keep it unfussy and relaxed when take a walk in the Propet Pedwalker 3 women's casual shoe. This women's Propet medicare approved, A5500 coded shoe is crafted in a blucher style with supple full-grain leather and stretchable neoprene upper. A single strap closure system with padded collar and tongue is for a snug fit without any difficulty. A rigid heel counter with double removable footbed guarantees flexible orthotic adoption. An air-infused sponge and rubber sole provides cushion, traction and durable wear. The Propet Pedwalker 3 never let you down.

Women's 5 Inch Open Toe Double Crisscross Sanda

Sprays and powders mostly try to mask unpleasant shoe odor--and  temporarily, at that. For thorough, long-term deodorizing, Pollenex has  created a shoe freshener that uses charged ions to neutralize odor.  Shoes end up with a fresh scent, without perfume or mess. Here's how it  works

Etienne Aigner has over 40 years experience in crafting footwear. Classic looks with modern touches of fashion blend together for elegant yet easy-to-wear shoes. Dressed-up or casual, Etienne Aigner is dedicated to providing some of the finest footwear for women who love shoes.	An upscale take on the mule, in smooth leather with logo jacquard inset and chain detail.

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.

Ultralights for the enlightened woman! Adidas Prajna High Athletics, BIG BUCKS OFF! Supportive high tops that weigh about 7 ozs. apiece, for a "barely there" feel! They're designed for the "lifestyle fitness athlete" involved in yoga, aerobics and so on, for supreme flexibility and natural feel. Of course they work just as well in casual padding around. They have durable synthetic leather uppers with wicking synthetic lining. Gum rubber outsole for grip. EVA midsole and permanent padded insole add cushioning comfort. Each approx. 5 1/2" tall. A huge Adidas Close-Out bargain... get yours ONLINE quick! State Size. Medium width. Ladies' Adidas Prajna High Athletics, Black / White

Looking for a sandal that'll deliver more than just sporty good looks? MBT's Kisumu will do just that. It's specially designed to reduce the impact of every step and provide a vigorous walking workout.	The MBT sandal has all the technology and benefits of MBT shoes, but in a stylish, comfortable sandal. Perfect for those hot summer months or wearing inside during the winter, MBT sandals create a smooth and easy fitMakes training more effective, challenging and gentle to your spine. Biomechanical design strengthens the body and helps to improve the way you use your muscles and joints.Patented curved layered sole improves posture.Improve your circulation with every step.In short, the effects of walking with MBT are both training and massage.

Leather and mesh upper. Cross training engineered outsole. Wt. 13.2 oz.

Tommy Bahama presents a complete line of casual yet upscale footwear for men and women. Made in Italy and Spain using only the highest quality materials, Tommy Bahama blends comfort and fashion, with features including cushioning insoles and lightweight flexible outsoles. So step into a pair of Tommy Bahamas and relax in the style of the islands.

Quiet, undetectable hunters for your next adventure! Guide Gear Quiet Sneaker Boots, PRICED LOW! Sneakers? No, not tennis shoes. These Quiet Sneaker Boots are perfect for pursuing game in the deep woods. Flexible and highly mobile, not like those clunkers you might have used in the past. All-day comfortable, too, for long hours in the field. Shhhh

Women's Eastland Bree Leather Boots... good lookin' and warm for winter weather! Be all set for tromping through winter... and its snow, with these fleece Boots! They're a very contemporary style, made of silky suede with a patchwork collar, and I think you're gonna make them your favorites... just wait and see! Toasty and tasteful

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Rockport's Faisel walking shoe for women has a washable leather and mesh upper which enhances breathability and is easy to clean. A DMX foam chamber on the bottom of the footbed provides dynamic air cushioning with every step, and the Strobel construction promotes forefoot flexibility which aids your walking motion. Machine washable.

Leather/suede upper, perforated for breathability. Padded collar. Polyurethane midsole and outsole with herringbone traction.

A durable, waterproof men's hiking boot with sophisticated detailing. Includes polished hardware, metal aglets, metal heel log and signature hang tag detailed to look like a bar of gold or platinum. Rubber lug outsole provides superior traction. Waterproof, full-grain leather upper with toe bumper is strong and durable. Rustproof hardware is made to last. Padded collar lends cushioning and comfort.

Ultra-lightweight micro-fiber synthetic leather upper. Internal Lightstrike EVA cushioning system. Molded EVA sockliner with adiPRENE+ insert in forefoot and engineered arch support. Ultra-lightweight injected Pebax detachable outsole plate.

Prince's QT Scream provides great comfort, fit, and durability, with mesh panels and perforations for increased ventilation. Its padded mesh tongue, collar, and achilles heel cradle your foot, and its anti-bacterial footbed offers support, while its dual-density outsole and titanium midfoot stabilizer provide traction and disperse shock.	The Prince QuikTrac Scream is a great all-around performance shoe with the Prince traditional foot shape.Color

Set your own course for funky fall fashion this year, in a pair of extra-high All Star shoes designed for cooler-weather seasons. These unique shoes have a suede upper, with a tweed lining that shows when you roll down the top. There's even a suede logo on the lining. Go your own way.

This classic penny loafer is perfect for any dress or casual occasion. hand-sewn for excellent quality and durability, it features a smooth polished leather upper with a full strap across the instep and a moc-style toe. A leather lining and fully cushioned footbed provide added comfort, and a stacked style heel gives it a finished look.	Enjoy classic comfort in the Lincoln penny loafer from Nunn Bush This moc-toe slip-on shoe is designed with comfort and quality in mind, from the genuine handsewn construction of the polished leather upper to the leather lining from heel to toe. A fully cushioned footbed and a flexible polyurethane sole complete this comfortable shoe.

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	The Ecco Track IV High, rugged oxford is a perfect all-around weather shoe.

Unisex Wallet Crafted of fine cowhide leather.Features 8 credit card slots.Two see through plastic Id windows.An inner zippered pocket.Two inside multipurpose pockets.A leather tipped currency divider.Two slip pockets.Available in Black , Burgundy, Brown and Tan Colors . Please visit our store more.

Slip into this exotic leather loafer from Giorgio Brutini. It features a handsome square toe, plus dual gore side inserts for custom fit and true comfort. It also offers a combination synthetic and leather outsole that's durable and good-looking.	They'll know who's boss when you strut around town in these assertive Giorgio Brutini 15904 loafers. Sleek kidskin leather upper in a dress slip-on style with an upturned square, moc-inspired toe overlay and tonal stitching detail. Gored for added comfort. Soft lining and cushioned insole, dress-style midsole. Traction pattern outsole with a two-tone embossed designed.

Show the world whos boss in these classic loafers from Allen Edmonds. Woven topstitching, decorative vamp flap and tassel give the Cody just the right amount of panache. A full leather lining and rubber-enforced heel give this slip-on an all-day comfortable fit.	Looking professional doesn't mean you have to look like everyone else. The Allen Edmonds 'Cody' moc-toe slip-on is an inspired celebration of your individuality. This distinctive shoe starts as a traditional slip-on, but is beautifully detailed with sleek braided leather lacing and a richly woven leather plug, plus the visual impact of a kiltie and tassels. This shoe - with its handsome good looks and lavish detailing - is sure to make you stand out in a crowd.

The air mesh upper on the adidas Supernova GCS running shoe adds maximum ventilation. Seam-free fit technology. 3D Torsion offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE+ in the forefoot and Torsion System bar provide midfoot arch protection. Ground Control System gives motion control and ground adaptability. Pro-Moderator medial support device helps prevent overpronation. QuickStrike outsole delivers best lightweight durability and flexibility. Wt. 10.2 oz.

Quick, spot the latest trend. It's polka dots. In fresh hues such as yellow and fuchsia,blue and green this bag offers a fun element to our sometimes serious wardrobes.  It seems that this trend will have some staying power, so smart shoppers who opt for dots right now will get a lot of mileage out of them.This simple yet trendy bag measures 12 x 4 x 9 inches and is made of 100% cotton (no synthetic fibers) which gives it a very durable and long life. This adorable bag features a stone washed canvas finish. It makes for a perfect everyday handbag as it is light weight and very comfortable to carry. It also folds up very well to store in the closet when you are not using it.    Buy carefree with our 'No questions asked' returns policy. Just try it and we know you will love it.Click here to view our complete selection of handbags.Click here to view our complete selection of and travel bags.Nvie Designs supports "Street to School" Project

Here's an oxford that works well with a contemporary wardrobe and is ideal for city living. The Arlanda apron-toe oxford from Ecco has a micro fiber heel that has traction and the interchangeable leather insoles are made with foam to provide extra comfort. It has an anatomically shaped, extra hard-wearing, light, and flexible Freon-free thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) outsole for shock absorption.	The look is business, but the feel is pure comfort in these dressy oxfords from Ecco.  Smooth leather upper in a dress oxford style, with a stitched and seamed apron style toe, stitching, seaming and overlay accents and subdued Ecco logo detail.  Four eyelet lace up front, cushioned collar and tongue.  Smooth leather lining, cushioned vegetable tanned leather topped anti-bacterial comfort insole.  Ecco Light flexible midsole with Shock Point heel cushion, and a traction patterned outsole.

Whether you're shopping for men's, women's, or kids' shoes, you'll find eye-catching styles designed with full days in mind. G.H. Bass styles fit you and the things you do. Classic, all-purpose styles like their original loafers go everywhere, tailored work looks transform plain into polished, and weekend casuals, from sandals to thongs to slip-ons, keep your feet happy while you're on your own time. Shoes worthy of the G.H. Bass label reflect today's latest looks, without overlooking wearability.	Wear a classic your own way with the Bass Walton loafer. This handsome men's slip-on dress shoe has a sleek leather upper with moccasin stitching and a penny keeper for a sophisticated, authentic look. The leather lining wicks away moisture to help keep your feet dry, while the cushioned footbed carries you in comfort, workday or weekend. The combination leather and rubber sole of the Bass Walton penny loafer combines durability with expert grip and traction for your busy lifestyle. Fit tip

Take your skating to the next level with the Adio Hamilton. This high-performance skate shoe features a synthetic, suede or action leather upper with mesh panels and ventilation holes for breathability. Grippy herringbone outsole provides excellent traction. Tongue straps add stability.

More than the name of a footwear brand, Franco Sarto the man is the driving inspiration and passion behind the actual designs. By the age of 14, Sarto was working in a shoe factory where his job was to hand-last shoes with a hammer and nails. It is Sarto's start as a cobbler, and his passion as a designer that makes him a rarity in the business. He designs his shoes both with the sweat and blood of a technician and the grace and beauty of a world-renowned fashion designer. To this day, Sarto hand sketches many of his designs. Franco Sarto understands a woman's undying passion for shoes and is dedicated to keeping that passion alive by crafting beautiful shoes that bring joy to women around the world.

Designed for the runner seeking a blend of cushioning, support and comfort.  SpEVA midsole.  I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System).  Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems.  DuoMax medial post.  Dual-density DuoTruss System.  DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Step into a healthier walking environment with Clarks Men's Air Movers Oxford Shoes Experience European style with universal comfort. The foundation of this versatile shoe is Active Air technology, a shock-absorbing system that takes the pressure off every step. This casual walker also features flexible cornerstitch construction that centers the cushioning throughout the footbed for all-day, all-over comfort. Lace-up style with a padded tongue and collar help prevent irritation, while the leather upper is breathable and won't bind your foot. Polyurethane outsole reduces foot and body stress while providing lightweight stability.

The ultimate in retro looks. Full grain leather upper, PU midsole, rubber outsole.

Size

Straight from the Etnies skate closet comes the Etnies Callicut skate shoe. 400 NBS rubber outsole provides traction and board control. Suede, soft action or synthetic leather upper is strong and versatile. Elastic tongue-centering straps add stability. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning with removable arch support for a custom fit. Padded tongue and collar lend additional comfort and cushioning. Features the trademark Etnies light up, blinking "E" logo. ****This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.****

Adidas - Promodel 2G Leather Mens Shoes In Running White/ Raven / Running White

101440GRY41 Features

The bottom line? This Timberland boot is guaranteed to outlast. The Timberland Men's Roll Top Bottom Line Boot is made of a premium, waterproof leather upper with an adjustable fabric collar for breathability and versatile style. Durable Taslan laces and rustproof hardware promote long wear. Padded collar offers a comfortable fit while preventing blisters and keeping out debris.

A Classic Hobo, one of the softer silhouettes, has lots of room and pockets to spare

17in. legging boot is made of heavy-duty handplied rubber with fabric lining. Features bar-tread outsole, top strap and buckle. Fits men's size 12.

Now even the tiniest fans can show support for the Dallas Cowboys all the way down to their toes!  *Set features 2 pairs of booties with embroidered team logos  Relax, this item can be returned until January 25th of 2007 under our Extended Holiday Return Policy. Our standard return guidelines apply.

Martinez Valero's Wish slingback exudes pure femininity. The rich satin shoe features a contrasting trim over the collar and soft square toe, a tall heel, and a delicate rose on the vamp. The heel strap has elastic backing for the most comfortable fit.	Martinez Valero represents fifty-five years of artisan shoe making, focusing on feminine, sexy, contemporary women's footwear. Designed in Spain under the direction of shoe designer Armando Fernandez, Martinez Valero reflects a beautiful combination of both classic and stylish footwear.

Desert Sand Tan Military Boot Laces 1 Pair 61" - Nylon laces. Heat formed tips. 61" (inches) laces pack. Perfect for military desert boots. Tan 72" boot laces. Nylon Durable Laces.

Venture into the back country in total confidence with the Men's Danner 453 Gtx Hiking Boot. This athletic-style hiking boot boasts a full-grain nubuck leather upper with a GORE-TEX lining for breathable waterproof protection. Danners patented TERRA FORCE support system with TFX delivers outstanding support and traction in a comfortable lightweight design.	These are the men's 453 GTX full-grain nubuc dark tan leather boot. They have a 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining for ultimate, breathable comfort. They also have a stable TERRA FORCE platform which reduces weight without sacrificing any performance.

The Tommy Hilfiger brand has become a symbol of the all American spirit and continues to be regarded as one of the most recognized global lifestyle brands. The Tommy Hilfiger Handbag collection is fun, glamorous and designed to recharge your wardrobe. Stay a step ahead in great spirited colors and luxurious fabrics with Tommy Hilfiger.	-Materials

Columbia River Trainers are a water shoe, sandal, athletic shoe AND everyday casual. SAVE BIG! These are built for the challenges of river hiking, but you can wear them on the boat, on the trail or on the street. Synthetic leather and mesh uppers; Long-wearing rubber outsole; Removable EVA contoured footbed and high-density internal EVA midsole for comfort; Microweave mesh collar; Unlined for cool breathability; Approx. 4 3/4"h., 15 ozs. State Color and Size. Medium width. Order Now! Men's Columbia River Trainers

INTERNET ONLY PRICE!Polyurethane-coated leather upper. Encapsulated injected EVA midsole with adiPRENE+ cushioning insert, Torsion System. Non-marking high traction rubber outsole.

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.	It's a classic  a square-toe dress pump investment that pays big dividends in confidence, style and comfort  Shiny, smooth or croco-print urethane upper  Knitfit vamp lining  Padded insole  1-1/2" tapered dress heel

You'll never have to worry about what to talk about at a party ever again. These funky Sanuk sandals are guaranteed conversation starters. Waterproof woven grass strap provides cool summer style. Rubber outsole delivers traction and durability.

Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.	Center Seamed Demi Boot in Black

You'll love the genuine double-faced sheepskin shearling and rubber outsole that the L.B. Evans Outback is made with. The twin gore style allows for a perfect fit and this slipper has an excellent arch support. It's slip-on style makes it an easy on, easy off shoe for wearing inside or outside of the house.	Includes one pair of brown boots. Available in men sizes Small (8-9), Medium (10-11), and Large (12-13).

In 1935 Paul Sperry invented the world's first and most enduring boat shoe. Where all other footwear brand have laid claim to every inch of terra firma, from the highest snowcapped peaks to the lowest desert valley, from baseball diamonds to basketball courts, Sperry Top-Sider has flourished by helping all who love the water master the world's final frontier -- the oceans, lakes and streams of Planet Earth.	Encourage a wind-driven style with Sperry Top-Sider's Authentic Original 2 Eye deck shoe. The non-marking rubber outsole is crafted with razor cut wave-siping for channeling water out. A shock absorbing EVA heel cup creates extra support in stride. The leather footbed and genuine handsewn Tru-Moc construction assures your comfort through dock to deck journeys.

The Teva Hurricane ll for women is a tried and true classic. With all the proven durability and support you expect with the universal strapping system but now with added features and great colors on the straps. The Microban is a Zinc based anti-microbial protection to help keep your sandals from smelling up your backpack or your closet, oh yeah to that!  The out-sole is a river rubber sole for good grip on wet surfaces but has a deep enough lug system for hiking. The mid-sole is compression-molded EVA for comfort and support on the trail.  Available Colors

Sam & Libby Kids delivers trend-right footwear geared towards fashion-conscious girls. The collections feature cool and savvy styles that allow girls to express their individuality and their flare for fashion. Sam & Libby offers what's new, what's next and what's hot!

If you enjoy all the pretty little things in life the Ana slide from Apepazza is just for you. This ultra-ladylike slide has a pleated fabric upper with frayed edges, reptile embossed detailing on the vamp with glitzy jewel embellishments, a vampy pointed toe, and a sexy stacked stiletto heel. Additionally, the soft leather linings and fully cushioned insole will provide long-lasting comfort, while the smooth dress leather outsole will assist in sure footing and balance. The Ana looks as good with a tailored business suit has it does with your favorite hot skinny jeans. Protective bag included for storage.

Originally introduced in the early 70s as The Tournament, this adidas court classic was renamed the Campus around 1980. This updated version features an all-leather upper with new color combinations, a rubber herringbone-pattern outsole and a second set of colored laces as a bonus.

Ballet shoe for any level dancer. Well made, economical.		New in box.		*** Please, order STREET SHOE size and we will adjust accordingly to fit.  ***

Show off your best tricks in this 99 vulcanized sneaker from C1RCA. It has a skate-ready upper with streetwise style and all of the innovative technology you need to help you perform.	The premium materials in the C1RCA Men's 99 Vulc Select Skate Shoe are the batterAAAfunky style is the icing on top. Coming from C1RCA's lab of steeze (like a fortress of solitude but all neon-ed out, with shoes) the 99 Vulc features a flexible, vulcanized rubber sole and an embossed suede upper with retro graphic treatments. Inside, arch and heel cushioning absorbs impacts, and a pigskin lining provides immediate break-in comfort.Product FeaturesUpper Material

Total elegance in design and execution. Beautiful smooth leather, with leather lined flap and leather lined organizer. Four additional zip pockets for organization.

A long list of advanced comfort features balanced with an economic price tag, CT (Comfort Technology) offers a unique scalloped top-line design to accommodate fl exing in the calf area to reduce irritation as well as graduated boot heights that are consistent with shoe sizes for better fit and comfort. The unique Trac10 sole design enhances traction and durability with an ergonomic frame design and interior lugs. The contour heel cup molding reduces heel slippage while the EVA FOOT FORM provides sneaker-like comfort for all-day wear. Sleek and contemporary, the CT Knee Boot is a great choice for general industrial conditions. Available in black color and size-9.	A long list of advanced comfort features balanced with an economic price tag, CT (Comfort Technology) offers a unique scalloped top-line design to accommodate fl exing in the calf area to reduce irritation as well as graduated boot heights that are consistent with shoe sizes for better fit and comfort. The unique Trac10 sole design enhances traction and durability with an ergonomic frame design and interior lugs. The contour heel cup molding reduces heel slippage while the EVA FOOT FORM provides sneaker-like comfort for all-day wear. Sleek and contemporary, the CT Knee Boot is a great choice for general industrial conditions. Available in black color and size-9.

The outside is more than just a place. Merrell knows that. Its in their DNA, their history and the inspiration for their future. What started as a one-man boot making operation in 1981 has become a global calling to get outside and get moving. Beloved by backpackers and hikers, Merrell blazed trails, creating lighter, more comfortable footwear. Evolutions in design and technology allowed runners and hikers access to multi-sport and cross-training products designed to help them go farther, faster. Thirty years later, Merrell continues to innovate new technologies focused to get you outside, to keep you moving. Get ready to take the scenic route with Merrell.	They'll go everywhere in the versatile multi-terrain Intercept Jr. sport sneaker by Merrell.Leather upper in a casual sport sneaker style with a round toeAdjustable Velcro(R) closure and heel pullLogo detailBreathable mesh lining with padded collar and tongueIN-Board(R) foot frame and 6.6 nylon injection molded arch supportTPU molded external heel counterAxis(R) grippy rubber traction outsole

Undeniable attitude, unmistakable style and legendary comfort... that IS Dr. Martens! HUGE SAVINGS! "50,000,000 Dr. Martens fans can't be wrong!" Millions of pairs are sold each year, all over the world. Discover the rave yourself, and SAVE BIG because these are Close-Out pairs, although they're all still fully fresh! Here's what the Doctor ordered

This shoe has a suede/napa leather upper,an EVA midsole, and a gum rubber outsole.

Kick up your heels this Halloween and sport the Cowboy 100 boot from Funtasma by Pleaser. Featuring a traditional western silhouette, the boot has dual pull tabs, embroidery details, and a chunky heel for a little extra height.	These cowboy boots feature an ornate finish. Featuring a traditional western silhouette, the boot has dual pull tabs, embroidery details, and a chunky heel for a little extra height.

****The Raiders will not be available to ship until the middle of December.**** Step up and support your favorite NFL team in the Reebok NFL Recline Repetitive. This casual men's shoe features a soft leather, football-inspired upper for comfort and support. Padded foam sockliner adds comfort and cushioning. Fabric wrap around the heel and toe with repetitive woven in logos. High-abrasion rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

5" Heel Maribou Slipper, M- 5" stiletto w/ 0.75" plat.

Reinvent the game in this genius of a basketball shoe. The adidas Quantum Leap's sleek style and features give you more bounce to the ounce. Mesh nylon upper combines light weight and durability. Injected EVA midsole adds long term lightweight cushioning. adiPRENE+ in the heel provides energy maintenance during jumps. adiPRENE+ maintains forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Single heel a3 structure unit delivers maximum shock absorption and support. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 15.0 oz.

Men's waterproof Itasca Amazon Hikers! NO more soggy socks! March right through puddles without a care. That is, with these Waterproof Itasca Hikers on your hooves

Look completely polished with this Madison loafer from Stacy Adams. The tailored bicycle toe and perforated accents on this soft leather design lend a little additional style to this already handsome look. The cushioned insole and smooth linings will bring you all-day comfort, while the outsole ensures a strong and solid step.	Men's Stacy Adams Madison Loafers. Stylish, slip-on, bicycle toe Loafers. Comfortable leather uppers have side gore panels to make them easy to slide into, and a bicycle toe for a classic look. Their cushioned footbeds and durable leather soles will keep your feet comfortable all day long. State Color and Size. Medium width. Get yours today! Please Note

Your little star in the making will be laughing and giggling in the summer sun when wearing the Lazy Brat thong from Sanuk. This smiling sandal has a waterproof synthetic upper with a padded and breathable underlining, a contoured and molded footbed for a comfortable step, and a durable rubber outsole for safety.	Sanuk was started by surfers in southern California in the late '90s who were looking for footwear that reflected their lighthearted way of life. Founder Jeff Kelley was disappointed to see little selection in a category of footwear that had become his main shoe staple

Japanese for "pressure point," Tsubo is a design-driven company founded by British designers Nick O'Rorke and Patrick McNulty in July 1997. Tsubo is designed for the fashion conscious, comfort-driven individual who wants the highest-quality materials along with the highest-quality product. The soles are built with comfort in mind -- all of the styles have the unique cushion oval bubbles strategically placed on the sole at various pressure points of the foot for the highest amount of comfort. These bubbles not only provide comfort, but they also allow you to instantly recognize that these are Tsubo shoes.	Tsubo means "pressure point" in Japanese. What does that mean for you? TSUBO knows that style doesnt have to be uncomfortable. Designed with functionality in mind, the TSUBO line features products made of soft materials that flex in the right places. The TSUBO Asios is a perfect example. Constructed of breathable mesh, durable neoprene and soft leather velvet, this casual women's shoe features rubber bubbles in the outsole for shock absorption and skid resistance, providing an all-around smooth ride.

A high mileage trainer designed to provide maximum stability and cushioning for the moderate to severe overpronator.

A great shoe by Merrell,Strobel Construction Offers Flexibility and Comfort,Full Grain and Pigskin Leather Upper,Lining Treated with Aegis Antimicrobial Solution,Molded Nylon Arch Shank,Merrell Pilot Sole/Sticky Rubber,Ortholite Anatomical Footbed,Merrell Air Cushion in the Heel Absorbs Shock

This 100% waterproof boot features cushion insoles, pull-up and kick-off lugs for easy on and off, and a cut-off band for height adjustment. Manufactured using a minimum of 88% pre-consumer recycled materials. Complies with ASTM F2413-05 standard. Made in USA.

A classic SOREL style since 1972, the Caribou Boot is the timeless choice for those who work and play in cold weather. Designed to keep your feet warm in subzero temperatures, the Caribou features a lightweight and flexible shell, seam-sealed waterproof construction, and durable materials to protect your feet from the damp chill of winter. Available in both men and women's sizes, the Caribou is a must-have for those who want to brave harsh temperatures in style.	The Sorel Caribou Women's is often imitated, yet never equaled.This classic women's boot features timeless styling with waterproof,seam-sealed construction and a nubuck leather upper. Other details ofthis Sorel outdoor boot include a removable, replaceableThermoPlus InnerBoot with a wool/acrylic snow cuff. The hand-craftedwaterproof vulcanized rubber shell with a Sorel AeroTrac outsoleprovides protection, durability, and reliable traction. The Sorel Caribou Women's is a winter classic that provides legendary warmth and protection in cold, snowy conditions.

The Heely's Escape roller shoes for kids feature a wheel housed in the heel, allowing you to walk, run and transition to a roll at any given moment. Remove the detachable wheel and Heely's instantly transform into a pair of fashionable street shoes.

The Flex AM loafer from Aerosoles is a perfect finish to you. This stylish loafer provides all day comfort and style with the smooth leather upper, contrast stitching, braided cut out detail on the vamp, round moc toe, soft fabric lining, cushioned insole, and a flexible rubber outsole with tread. The Flex AM is great for your business and casual wardrobe.	Since 1987, Aerosoles has developed high quality, comfortable and fashion-right shoes at affordable prices. Aerosoles offers a vast assortment of women's shoes to suit every occasion, from office wear to weekend gear and everything in between.

W-A-R-M Itasca Mountaineer Snow Boots. No stiff-as-a-board frozen feet! Not when you're wearing these beefy Boots that create an effective barrier from the cold. Nylon uppers sport tough, 840-denier nylon inserts; Removable, 200 gram Thermolite liner for warmth; TPR shell with traction outsole; Drawstring closure; Each is approx. 12"h., 26 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order! Men's Itasca Mountaineer 200 gram Thermolite Insulation Snow Boots, Black

A hook-and-loop top strap lends an easy, secure fit to this classic leather boat shoe from Sperry. Perfect for on deck or on shore, this shoe features genuine hand-sewn tru-moc construction for great comfort and style.	In 1935 Paul Sperry invented the world's first and most enduring boat shoe. Where all other footwear brand have laid claim to every inch of terra firma, from the highest snowcapped peaks to the lowest desert valley, from baseball diamonds to basketball courts, Sperry Top-Sider has flourished by helping all who love the water master the world's final frontier -- the oceans, lakes and streams of Planet Earth.

Women's Rugged Shark Sandshark Sandals. High quality, high performance nylon 3-strap Sandals. Take a closer look at these Rugged Shark Sandshark Sandals

Sunset Boulevard

The environmentally-friendly options for grocery shopping.  12-ounce cotton twill; cotton handles and reinforced at stress points.  Measures 13 inches wide x 15.5 inches high x 7 inches deep.

6 inch Heel Mule Women's Size Shoe.

Enjoy classic elegance with the Laura pump from Touch Ups. This lovely pump has a beautifully shaped satin upper in basic black or dyeable white. The synthetic lining and sole are smooth and durable, and the tapered heel is pretty yet practical.

Vans Classic B/W Checkered SlipOns .Recognized around the world, a SoCal icon! Every closet needs a pair of checkerboards! Canvas, slipon deck shoe with Vans'' classic Off the Wall outsole.

204425WCG85 Features

clint dark brown 130

Soft full-grain leather upper with perfed leather tongue, spandex collar internal bootie construction adds comfort and breathability, polyurethane sockliner provides cushioning and comfort, TPU midsole "XBeam" with 3D transparent visual, blown rubber herringbone outsole increases traction and cushioning. Wt. 14.7 oz.

The adidas Corner Blitz D football shoe is built for Pop Warner and high school players looking for an entry-level cleat. Low-cut allows for lighter weight for skill players, 3/4-cut allows for more protection for players needing more ankle support. Synthetic leather and mesh upper is lightweight and breathable. Forefoot strap secures the foot during hard cuts and line of scrimmage play. EVA insole adds comfort. CMEVA midsole with Torsion System for midfoot integrity and adiPRENE+ insert for forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Injected TPU detachable cleat outsole.

Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

Zippered shroud upper reduces drag and wind resistance, fit strap increases power through an enhanced fit. Graphite insert beneath first metatarsal provides increased power during toe-off, performance sprint plate provides traction and flexibility. Wt. 5.8 oz.

A great update based on the original Stan Smith. Full-grain tumbled leather upper with embossed stripes, metal eyelets and metal lace loop, 6mm cushioned insole, rubber outsole with dimple bottom traction. 11.9 oz.

What do you demand of knee-high boots? These Devorah High Heel Dress Boots from Anne Klein have got it all -- shapely, slim design, calf-enhancing 2 inch heel, and supple leather construction. And the oversize round buckle adds a wink of sparkle, like a cherry on top.	Brand

Lightweight, shower sandal. A great summer accessory, drop them in your bag and head for the beach!

In 1972, Onnik E. Kouyoumdjian an immigrant from a family of European shoemakers, founded Onex Shoes. His vision of the American dream coupled with his passion for fine lady's shoe design inspired him to start a business in designing, manufacturing, and distributing the Onex shoe line nationwide. The styles are carefully handcrafted in the United States featuring the finest components, materials, and ornaments from around the world.

If comfort and style is what you need, that is exactly what you'll get with this Dolly mule from Easy Spirit. Oh-so casual-chic with the soft leather upper, tonal leather lacing, and scalloped trimmed collar, and oh-so comfortable with the ultra-soft cushioned insole and smooth leather linings. We are sure that the Dolly will not be spending too much time in the closet.	Easy Spirit offers the perfect mule for around home or around town  Leather upper with cutouts, pinked edges and leather lace detail  Leather lining  Leather-covered foam insole  Polyurethane sole  1-1/4 heel

The GEL-Kayano XI is ASICS' preeminent high mileage running shoe and combines the very best blend of cushioning and stability. An expanded rearfoot GEL Cushioning System provides additional shock attenuation at impact, while the forefoot "twist" GEL Cushioning System absorbs shock and provides a stable platform for toe-off. A ComforDry insole offers an optimum cushioning performance system that creates a cooler, drier, healthier shoe environment. PHF (Personalized Heel Fit) and Biomorphic Fit panels in the upper add a customized fit by molding to the foot and enhancing flexibility. New SpEVA 55 lasting enhances comfort by allowing added cushioning to the foot in a stable foot bed. A DuoMax medial post and DuoTruss System in the midfoot deliver proper support as the shoe transitions from heel strike to toe-off. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Carolina 16" Linesman Boots the stability and performance you need while working high in the air! The last thing you want to worry about is whether your boots are up to the task. You won't have to think twice with this pair. Standard electro-hazard safety with a Vibram outsole for maximum grip keeps you on the up and up. Step into comfort

This stylish Nautilus is the perfect cross between a work boot and an athletic shoe. This premium, full-grain and water-resistant leather shoe has an ergonomically-designed wide-area steel toe cap. Lightweight for a steel toe but strong enough for the job, this is the comfortable all-purpose shoe you've been looking for.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

If you need Propet comfort in a casual sandal style, you've finally gotten your wish. This Marina Walker features--along with its rich leather upper--breathable leather linings, two points of adjustability, and a contoured, air cell-cushioned footbed.	These women's strappy comfort sandals from Propet combine a great looking casual style with unmatched walking shoe style comfort. Nubuck leather upper with two Y-strap slides, both with adjustable Velcro closures for a perfect fit. Fully leather lined, with a suede topped cushioned comfort footbed with an Air Cell cushion. Lightweight walking style outsole with a crepe style traction patterned tread.

Have a BEAUTIFUL morning in real Sheepskin Boot luxury, good lady! SAVE BIG! You'll have a greatly improved evening in these, too! These padding-around Ankle Boots... suited for indoors or out, since they have a flexible, gripping, durable thermoplastic rubber sole... are a feet-treat. The stylish, supple suede leather upper has leather trim. The genuine sheepskin lining makes them warming, wicking, cushiony and all-around heavenly! Side entry, with one silver snap, for easy-on. Each is 5" tall and weighs a float-on-your-feet 11 ozs. State Size. Come in medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order ONLINE for these right now! Please Note

The gridiron meets the street in this great adidas kids' casual shoe that's inspired by a classic football training shoe. Suede upper features fleece lining for plush, one-of-a-kind style. Fun Sport Goofy detailing completes the look.

The Center Hi Reiss from PF Flyers is a true classic--updated. This retro sneaker pairs high-quality craftsmanship and materials with a 1950s design that still looks cool. The breathable upper, ribbed toe bumper, lace-up front, and durable diamond-patterned sole create a comfortable, casual look that's made for after-work pick-up games or taking it easy on the weekends.	No Description

What better way to support your Texas Longhorns year round than with the Texas Longhorns Printed Flip Flop? Innovative and trend setting designs have been fused with the colors and logos of your Texas Longhorns. Whether you're off to the beach, working in the yard, or just relaxing around the house, our flip flops will provide you with the ultimate in style and functionality. Officially licensed by the NCAA.

The Do Tell boot from Kenneth Cole will make a seriously strong statement about you, one of handsomeness, sophistication, and intelligence. It features a semi-polished leather upper, a fully cushioned insole, and dual-goring for easy on and off accessibility. The Do Tell will complement your business, dress, and casual wardrobes--now that is smart!	Brand and Style - KENNETH COLE NYDo Tell    Size - 10    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - Brown    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Leather Sole

Carolina 10" Steel Toe Linesman Boots have the stability and performance you need while working high in the air! The last thing you want to worry about is whether your boots are up to the task. You won't have to think twice with this pair. Standard electro-hazard safety with a Vibram outsole for maximum grip keeps you on the up and up. Step into comfort

Don't let harsh winter conditions intimidate you. Strap into the Frost Walker Weather boot from Propt and get out there. A deeply treaded outsole and extended, weatherproof leather sidewalls will protect you, while its thick padding and faux fur lining will bring you cozy comfort.	Women's 100% WATERPROOF Propt Frost Walkers. Cold outside? Warm those tootsies up! Frost Walkers beat the freeze! And look good doing it. Featuring soft shearling lining, guaranteed warm. Waterproof, too, in case your next step plants you square in a puddle. All in a fashionable slip-on design. Finally... stylish and affordable winter footwear, here at the Guide. As the snow flies

New in box and never worn. Enter the path to performance in the 810 trail runner from New Balance. ABZORB EX material dissipates impact shock to produce propelling energy. Synthetic leather and mesh allow your foot to breathe with each step. The AT-Tread provides sufficient control, on and off the trail. The outsole is built with resistant N-DURANCE rubber for lasting durability, mile after mile.

A soft structured bag made from high quality silver suede. A perfect cargo bag with a metallic look

Wide Version of Sidi's most popular road shoe. Conservative, yet stylish, with features that will make you think they flew in to measure your foot and make the shoe only for you. Millennium II Sole. Soft Arch Compression Strap. Ultra SL Buckle. High Security VELCRO. Padded Tongue w/ fit relievers. Replaceable Heel Tab. Molded Heel Cup.

Warm. With 100% waterproof protection. Guide Gear 400 gram Waterproof Mukluks. The Inuit, the Yupik and other native Arctic dwellers made the first versions of these warm, soft boots, constructing them with reindeer or seal skins and lining them with rabbit fur. My Guide Gear 400 gram Waterproof Mukluks are designed in the same spirit and are just as toasty as the early models those hearty folks wore. Plus they're 100% waterproof! Even better than an igloo

This sleek, contemporary oxford from Zengara is ready for the office or for the after-party. With its clean lines and tidy lacing, this is one shoe that goes anywhere and everywhere with real panache.	Zengara 4 EYELET BIKE FRONT BLUCHER in black, dark brown, and new tan.

Having the right equipment adds just the edge you need to improve your game, and that includes a quality golf shoe like Nikes Lunar Control. This classic offering boasts a supple leather and synthetic upper, secure lace-up fit and a padded collar for extra comfort. Fabric linings keep things airy and breathable, while nubbies on the sole ensure sure-footedness on any green.	Nike Lunar Control Golf Shoes Features

When style meets portable security you get the Mobile Edge Limited Edition Faux Croc Tote. Designed with a detachable cosmetics/accessory pouch, a zippered interior pocket and self-healing zippers, this is the tote for you. It even features a removable computer section for dual functionality and added flair. Features  Specifications

Sesto Meucci has the latest silhouettes, colors, and textures made in Italy and Spain by the finest Italian technicians. Their reputation for fit and comfort has been well known and uncompromised for 30 years.	Sesto Meucci has the latest silhouettes, colors, and textures made in Italy and Spain by the finest Italian technicians. Their reputation for fit and comfort has been well known and uncompromised for 30 years.

Two density phylon midsole. Translucent air bag system. Three color caoutchouc outsole. Deer skin/Thermoregulation form-lined upper. Deer skin/Thermoregulation form/Latex removable footbed.

This women's volleyball shoe is engineered to provide top-quality performance within the demanding conditions confronting serious volleyball athletes. Rearfoot and forefoot GEL? cushioning absorb shock on landing. NC Rubber? outsole delivers great grip.

#101401  UPPER

Special Features

pagliei belives that beautiful objects contribute to a beautiful life, and their line of handbags and accessories take this belief seriously. Inspirations include flea markets, vintage stores, subway adventures and long walks.

This Maroon canvas shoe is like no other and will leave you stylin'.

Original design, modern style. Made from smooth leather, you can easily organize your essentials with our Zip Top Mini bag. With credit card slots and an ID window, you'll have everything you need right at your fingertips. Material

Old school, Dr. Martens style! SAVE BIG! School is in session. Today's lesson

iglou brown suede 80

Made for the competitive cross country runner. Open mesh upper with synthetic overlays. LightStrike EVA midsole, skeletal spike plate and high grip toe-off area. Wt. 8.3 oz.

Women's Vasque Kota Multi-Sport Athletic Shoes The Vasque Kota Multi-Sport Shoes are a combination of athletic shoes and day hikers. With a sturdy platform, ample cushion and a flexible tapered toe, these Kicks are ready for anything you throw at them. More details

Bearpaw's French Moc slipper is comfortable and warm!  The soft, sheepskin footbed and lining will keep your paws cozy in the cold winter months.  Shipping

This item is backed by the american west lifetime guarantee -Materials

Innovative training shoe for the runner who seeks support and cushioning. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical CMEVA midsole, Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.(TM)) in rearfoot directs the foot from heel-to-toe allowing more natural gait, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems provide shock attenuation at initial impact and propulsion phase, extended DuoMax medial post adds static stability and shores the midfoot, two-density DuoTruss System(TM) links rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial impact. Wt. 9.4 oz.

Full-grain leather upper adds comfort, support and durability. Reflective material provides safety and night visibility. Polyurethane removable sock liner offers comfort and support. Grip strip for improved heel lift. Transition Bridge supports midfoot arch. DMX Walk Chamber Unit offers walking-specific moving air cushioning. Beveled heel design enhances walking stride. Opti-Flex Zone improves forefoot flexibility.  Weight 12.2 oz.

Our twice tanned, leather WORK AMERICA boot is farm-chore tough  Full grain leather upper resists water, oil, grease and even barnyard acids  Oil-resistant, Nitrile sole is guaranteed to outwear the tough leather upper  Padded collar covered with soft, breathable DRI-LEX lining  Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole  Goodyear welt construction

Leland on Simms L2 Wading Boot

Saucony didn't sell their sole, they just trimmed it down a bit. Introduced in 2002, the Low Pro is a sleeker alternative to the classic Jazz O silhouette.	Saucony Women' s Jazz Low Pro Vegan Retro Shoes

The Charge R1 is a great choice for the road cyclist looking for a performance cycling shoe with the secure fit of a ratchet for optimum power transfer. The nylon I-Beam sole is incredibly stiff and comfortable. Nylon I-Beam sole. Combination closure system with premium power ratchet and forefoot Velcro strap. Seamless air mesh upper for maximum breathablility. EVA footbed cradles the foot..

A strikingly designed upper is coupled with a low-profile a3 cushioning system to make the adidas a3 Outrunner running shoe a must have. Open mesh nylon upper combines light weight and breathability. Heel a3 provides optimized energy use throughout the footstrike. Injected EVA midsole adds long-term lightweight cushioning. Carbon rubber outsole offers durability.

This is a one of a kind handpainted design by one of our fabulous artists. Please call with any questions or for more sizes. Please allow 4-6 weeks for delivery. If you do not see the design you want, we can make you a ONE-OF-A-KIND Custom Converse Chuck Taylor. Our Artist will paint any design, portrait, or color. Just choose your shoe color and design, and give us a call at 1-800-638-3668. Colors include Black, Red, White, Pink, Navy, Green, and any others you see on the site.

coyl pink paris 55

If you work in construction, manufacturing, maintenance or heavy equipment, you know that you work hard. Nobody had to tell you that. Your job requires safe practices. So, when safety toe work boots are a requirement, consider your comfort as well as your safety. The Wolverine 4244 DuraShock Compressor safety toe work boot will give you both. This is sure to be a safe practice that will really pay off. Wolverine has taken comfort one step further with their series of Durashocks Compressor work boots. The future of comfort technology lies in the Wolverine Compressor system that provides 50% more cushioning and 30% more energy return when compared to conventional comfort systems. You will feel the difference in every step you take. DuraShocks technology absorbs shock before it travels to your feet and knees. A working person knows the value of protecting his knees because bad knees make for a long day. In fact, Wolverine is so confident in the DuraShock Compressor comfort system that they back these boots with a 30 day unconditional comfort guarantee! Perhaps you don't need this level of protection but like the guaranteed comfort this boot offers. Well, the Wolverine 4242 is built with the same comfort core but features a soft toe. We also offer these features as the 8" styles 4246 soft toe and the 4248 safety toe. With these choices you're sure to find what you're looking for. Sizes

coyl pink paris 50

Paste Polish Tan - 1 Pack

The inspiration for T-MAC 3 was the man himself. Tracy McGrady's shoe reflects who he is as a person and who he is as a player

Leather and nubuck uppersLeather optic weltLight and flexibleOne-component PU outsoleSoft mesh lining

#748792  Attack your Prey in the Predator Absolute TRX FG Boot by adidas   DAVID BECKHAM'S FAVOURITE BOOT

Carolina 8" Steel Toe Logger Boots! SAVE BIG! Exactly what you're looking for in a pair of work Boots. The rubber outsole is excellent for traction in wet or unstable terrain, and a steel shank adds to the already optimal stability. More

Ventilation redefined. The Rider Play Slide uses offset slats that run along the bottom of the sole to keep air circulating while helping to divert the elements. It features an aggressive tread design for traction and stylish vented upper for comfort.

sweater bon/bge fabric 95

sweater bon/bge fabric 90

Rocky 15" Striker Waterproof Snake Boots nix those fears of potentially deadly snakebites! Snakes alive, man... make sure you're protected from those deadly fangs! You say you've never seen a snake anywhere near your hunting haunts? Well, that could be totally true, but you really can't be THAT sure now, can you? Used to be that we heard poisonous snakes didn't live in certain areas (like Minnesota), but now they've been spotted in places like the Mississippi River bluffs, and you'd better be safe than sorry! Rocky is known for quality Boots, and these are no exception. Be safe, be sure... get yourself a pair at my reasonable Guide price! Be safe, wear a pair of these

This Zippered fine leather case with chrome place instruments features our hexagon razor with twin-pack, nail clippers, corkscrew/knife combo, toothbrush, nail file, comb, tweezers, scissors, pusher and shoehorn/lint brush. -  - Household Accessories - Travel Accessories -

Reebok was founded for one of the best reasons possible

A sweet way to toughen up any casual look, the Timberland 6 in. Basic Boots - Kid's laces up and are ready for any adventure thrown at them.

A combination of solid performance and value. The ASICS Fuerte wrestling shoe features a combination of solid performance and value. UniSole provides maximum sole contact with the mat. The integrated lace cover conforms to all regulations.

Waterproof nubuck and cordura leather upper keeps feet dry, speed lace, padded collar. Seam-sealed construction, moisture-wicking forepart for comfort and breathability, thermal microfiber or closed cell foam for warmth and comfort, rubber lug sole for abrasion-resistance

FREE UPS GROUND SHIPPING TO THE UPPER CONTINENTAL 48 STATES!!  SIZE

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Skechers *Debut* leather sneakers. Lace-up closure. Rounded toe design. Cushioned collar. Cushioned insole. Non-slip rubber sole. Ships fast. Includes prepaid return label for discounted returns.

It's been said when you look better, you feel better and you perform better. Do it with this executive tote from Harveys. This unique bag is constructed from woven seatbelts with polished hardware and dual straps. The logoed interior features multiple compartments for superior organization.	Meet the HARVEYS, husband and wife Dana and Melanie Harvey. In March 1997, while installing seatbelts into their 1950 Buick, they had the idea of making Melanie a matching handbag. Everyone loved hers so much that they decided to make more. They started making them in their one car garage in California but quickly outgrew it. They've since expanded to a 12,000 ft2 design studio in Santa Ana, California where every SEATBELTBAG is lovingly built to exact specifications. The Harveys are committed to producing a bag of superior quality using the finest and most durable materials available. Never satisfied with the status quo, they are constantly adding new colors and styles.

Hold all your necessities in this go-anywhere tote.  Made of 12-ounce cotton twill with cotton web handles.  20"w x 15"h x 5"d.

Perfed leather upper with EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

rowdie black leather 70

Recommended by  five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Women's specific fit, full-length SpEVA(TM) midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Wt.7.0 oz.

Get your game on with the hottest kicks to hit the street - Nike Shox. Features molded synthetic leather for great support, Air-Sole unit for premium cushioning and outer logo. Wipe with soft damp cloth to clean. Imported.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Steve Madden takes the wedge sandal to new heights in this tall strappy version that's sure to turn heads. It features a leather upper with a rounded toe, skinny straps across the vamp, and a t-strap design with a buckle closure. The sculpted wedge heel offers stability so you can rise above the crowd with confidence.

New Balance Sure Lace design is specifically for New Balance shoes 	911, 811, and more! Available in black, white, navy, pink, and silver.	Sizes available in 27", 36", 40", 45", 54", and 63".

Style #

Dearfoams is a slipper brand with great awareness. They understand exactly what customers are looking for-- from pampering your feet in cozy softness to keeping you one step ahead of the game.	These may be the most comfortable slippers you ever slip on your feet! These moccasin boot style slippers are unbelievably soft  have a faux fur cuff, semihard sole  foam cushioning. Small 5  6, Medium 7 8, Large 9  10, XLarge 11  12.

A traditional style with a silver concho and fringe. Heel-to-toe cushioned insole.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Give your look an easy lift with this peep toe wedge	Leather upper.	Pleated vamp design.	Lightly padded footbed.	EVA and rubber sole.	2 1/4 inch heel.

This polypropylene golf travel bag holds protects your cart bag when traveling.

This sneaker from Grasshoppers offers supreme comfort in a low profile. Designed with a flexible outsole, a rounded heel to decrease the amount of impact on your knees, a PureFit Plus footbed with arch support and cushioned comfort foam, and Drilex moisture-wicking lining, everyone will want to walk a mile in your shoes.	The Stretch Plus Sneaker, part of the PureFit Plus comfort system, isdesigned to support your active lifestyle. This shoe fuses comfort and style and is designed to follow the foots natural movement, so thatgoing about ones daily activities is comfortable and carefree.

The Cozumel sandal from Stride Rite will be hers and yours new springtime favorite. This lovely sandal has a smooth leather upper, sweet floral embroidery with glistening sequin accents, a secured ankle strap with an adjustable buckle closure, and a cushioned heel pad for additional comfort. It also features soft leather linings, a fully cushioned insole, and a high abrasion textured outsole for sure footing and traction. The Cozumel is perfect Easter and many other spring time styles!	Stride Rite, Cozumel  The perfect vacation sandal! With its sturdy constructionand delicate spray of  flowers, this little shoe is versatile enough to take her from walking the beach  to dining in fancy restaurants.  Soft, leather upper  Velcro closure with buckle detail  New, lightweight, flexible outsole  Padded collar

The Naot Lappland is a sandal that will take you there in comfort. Ready for any adventure, this men's sandal is set in a leather upper with chic contrast stitching. Adjustable straps ensure that you'll get the perfect fit every time in this Naot sandal. A removable footbed provides lasting comfort - made of suede-covered cork and latex, it molds to the foot over time and provides superior arch support. Buckle in for a wild ride, the Naot Lappland is footwear that will have you feeling like you can walk to the ends of the earth!

Lexington from Florsheim provides an alternative loafers and oxfords. The slip-on style features precision perforations, and a tassel with fringe will make a classically strong impact on workwear.	Dinner at your favorite restaurant with plans to attend the opera in the slip-on Lexington dress shoe. Alive with brilliant leather accents over the instep and leather upper that shines with power. Leather outsole is built with Florsheim's TPR Island Flex Bar offering slip-resistance, flexibility and high abrasion resistance. Cap the evening with a gathering of friends and good conversation.

LOOK

Step out in style. The Durango SW2949 casual shoe features a stagecoach leather upper with zip closure for a secure fit. Soft lining, cushion insole and heel pad provide comfort and cushioning. Oil-resistant polyurethane outsole with dogger heel delivers traction and durability.

Split leather upper for support, rhynoskin reinforcement for durability in the medial, ortholite for moisture and odor control and a lace cover that satisfies regulations. Wt. 10.0 oz.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	Normandy Side - zip Shoes by Florsheim are taking the floor in explosive style. BIG BUCKS OFF! Enter eye-catchers! For dress. For semi-dress. For casual. These Florsheim beauties are always in style, sporting a nice reflection on your good taste! Did somebody say, "comfortable?" They ARE! Sure to become your favorites at the office, church, get-togethers and beyond. When marketing changed a tiny detail, the remaining stock went on Close-Out. Bingo. You save a mind-blowing amount right here! Dashing keepers

4.5" Stiletto Heel Rhinestone Sandal.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.

Looking sharp never felt so good! Red Wing Moc - toe Dress Shoes. SAVE BIG! Red Wing has spent decades perfecting the look and feel of their shoes. Their name-brand quality construction and comfort features are everything you'd expect from this topnotch name, and more! Even better, Red Wing Shoes had a style change, and that means Close-Out savings for those who like to save an astonishing amount on fabulous footwear! Try these details on for size

Built to let you shine in every phase of the game. Rotational Traction maximizes power in the batters box and bolsters speed on the base paths. Dual Plate performance heel and forefoot construction ensures the perfect balance of feel and cushioning. HeatGear lining accelerates moisture transport.

Fashion is where you find it. Nunn Bush found it surrounded in comfort, dedicated to style, and walking in the legacy of quality craftsmanship. Since 1912, Nunn Bush has been making shoes of unparalleled distinction. Today, all Nunn Bush shoes are constructed with the same quality materials, specially selected leathers, and handcrafting expertise that goes back generations. It's something you'll experience in the uncompromising fit, flexibility, and strength in all their footwear.	For the man who likes simplicity with a subtle blend of curves and accents, the Nunn Bush Andrew oxfords make the grade.  Leather upper in a dress oxford style with a discreetly stitched round toe cap.  Contour stitching detail, padded tongue, slender heel overlay, 4-eyelet lace-up front.  Fully cushioned insole, dress midsole and leather outsole with rubber traction.

Deluxe skins don't have to cost a fortune, as evidenced by Stacy Adams' Sinclair oxford. It mixes genuine snakeskin with buffalo and crocodile-embossed leathers in a smart, cohesive design.	Men's Stacy Adams Sinclair Oxfords. These professional Oxfords are office-appropriate and happy-hour cool. Their genuine leather uppers have a stylish snakeskin print. Flexible leather sole offers comfort and durability. Cushioned footbeds for comfort. State Color, Size and Width. Go from the office to a night on the town... without skipping a step! Order Today! Please Note

liner fuschia leather 110

The pac boot goes stylin' in the city! Women's Sporto Camille Pull - ons, ON SALE! Here's the perfect snow 'n' slush pair for the gal on-the-go this winter. Uppers are soft, synthetic leather with hip-look contrast stitching and piping; Inner side zipper for easy on / off; Faux fur collar and fleece lining; No-slip rubber outsole; Permanent, polyester, fleece-lined insole; 1 1/2"h. heel, a practical boost-up; Approx. 7 1/2"h., 14 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Today! Women's Sporto Camille Pull-on Boots, Brown

In 1804, T. & A. Evans (Thomas and Amos) were running a small shoe business connected with a general store in the town of South Reading. There was no shoe factory as we know it today, just a small shop where Thomas and Amos cut the leather for their shoes. The actual shoe making was farmed out among the people of the town, while Thomas and Amos supplied them with uppers, soles, counters and heels to be assembled into shoes. All shoes were sewed by hand whenever the shoemaker-farmers could spare the time. Today L.B. Evans is owned and operated as a division of Daniel Green Enterprises. Many of the traditional gentleman's slipper styles are still part of the line, but the business has grown to include new updated classics, premium products including elk and deer, and an array or rugged, warm outdoor styles. Daniel Green Enterprises remains committed to the quality and comfort guarantee that the Evans brothers established over 200 years ago.

The adidas Supernova Trail 5 men's running shoe loves your feet so much it will protect them from nearly anything, even you. See, if you've got a bad running form, you're one of your foot's biggest arch enemies. That's "arch enemy" in the most literal sense, because if you're overpronating (rolling your feet too far inward during the gait cycle), you're putting unnecessary strain on your arch supports, putting yourself at greater risk for muscle fatigue and even foot injury. The adidas Supernova Trail 5 is designed to guide your foot toward a better form for a more energy efficient, comfortable run.Don't think of the adidas Supernova Trail 5 as coming between you and your feet. Think of them as a comfy footwear counselor. The adidas Supernova Trail 5 utilizes the best of adidas-exclusive foot guidance and cushioning technology to reduce the damage of this common running-form problem and the strain it puts on your relationship with your foot. Now that's selfless love.

11" Chestnut Suede Top Chestnut Pigskin Foot Comfort Insole Composition Outsole Fashion Toe Fashion Heel DI588 Dingo Women's Ava Western Boots - Chestnut

The Reebok Premier Trinity running shoe features a KFS (Kinetic Fit System) upper that provides comfort, fit and support. 3M Scotchlite material for night running safety. Play Dry lining adds moisture management. Removable EVA sockliner accommodates orthotics. CMEVA midsole delivers stability and cushioning. DMX Shear vertical/horizontal cushioning reduces stress of heel impact. DMX Plus cushioning. Transition Bridge aids in the heel-to-toe transition. Full-length EVA lasting offers enhanced comfort, added cushioning. Dual-density medial post gives stability. DMPRTEK rubber outsole adds cushioning, traction and durability. Wt. 11.4 oz.

The DryGuy Thermanator  2 + 2  is the big brother to the Thermanator. With all of the same high quality features, the 2 + 2 allows you space for 4 pairs of shoes or gloves at the same time.   This energy efficient (10 watts per boot) system utilizes natural convection forces to achieve over night drying with zero noise.  Made with white glossed enameled steel, this dryer will dry your gear while you enjoy your outdoor vacation.

This Thunderbird moccasin from Minnetonka is your go-to shoe for when you crave classic style and undeniable comfort. Decorated with traditional fringe and beadwork, this shoe is crafted from soft, breathable suede and features a flexible rubber outsole.	Thunderbird Mocs

Leather/Nubuck upper provides comfort and great-looking style. Rubber outsole offers traction and durability.

This Psyclone sandal from Teva says there is no such thing as any adventure being too big or too small. This sandal has it all with its open neoprene upper, encapsulated Shoc Pad, and Microban zinc-based anti-microbial footbed--meaning, it will give your little one a comfortable ride that will conform to their little feet, while keeping them totally sweet and neat!	A traditional Teva Kid's classic, the Psyclone 2 sport sandal is made with the same materials as our high-performance water and hiking sandals designed for river professionals. It offers great traction in wet environments and all-day comfort.

Zip up these Giorgio Brutini Tuscon men's snakeskin boots for stand-out style. These men's dress boots are draped in genuine snakeskin for bold, exotic style. A side zipper makes these boots for men easy to slip on and off, while the leather lining and cushioning provide enhanced comfort. These men's ankle boots are ready for your next party or evening out, with a durable rubber sole and stacked heel for a stylish look.

The Snapdragon sneaker from Skechers is the ideal grab-n-go style. Easy on-off accessibility comes from its low collar and bungee laces, while soothing comfort is delivered by interior padding and a slip-resistant rubber outsole. Like magic, you're off in a snap.	Soft leather with fashion detailing on vamp. Elasticized closure on top line for universal fit. Breathable linings to assure comfort. Rubber outsole provides long wear and stability.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	You'll feel like royalty in this sleek stretch shaft boot from Steve Madden. With its pointed toe, clean lines, and tapered dress heel, this stylish boot is designed to elongate your leg and accentuate your curves. It hits just below the knee and has a stretch synthetic upper for a snug pull-on fit.

This is the new and improved version of original canvas shoulder bag by Bungalow 360! This bag features four outside panel pockets, two side compartments with velcro closures, and one large interior compartment with more panel pockets. There is room for everything in these canvas pocket bags.

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX foam. Weight 16.4 oz.

At Danner, they are craftsmen. They pay attention to details. They forgo quantity for quality, with the knowledge that the boots they craft are no better than the hands that create them.	On-the-job comfort means Danner Workman GTX Boots. Being comfortable on your feet makes your job easier. It's that simple That's why Danner introduced the Workman GTX 8". A deeply cushioned work boot with a translucent TPU outsole designed especially for Danner by Vibram. It'll get you through the day in comfort. If safety is an issue, choose the Workman GTX Steel Toe for ANSI-approved protection. Details

The Tour MAster Vintage Boot features        Constructed with durable 1.8mm to 2.0mm water resistant leather.Oil-resistant, anti-slip rubber sole.Removable foot bed features a padded heel cushion to increase comfort.High tensile strength thread stitched throughout the boot provides durability.Lowered reinforced toe box for improved shifting.The boot interior is lined with soft pigskin leather for comfort and durability.Easy entrance top opening with stretch gusset for ease of dressing.Rear pull-tab provides a leverage point when putting the boot on.Adjustable, satin chrome buckles.Metal Tour Master logo.            Closeouts are limited to stock on hand

Step up your workout with the RYK Sportwalker Inspiration. This comfortable, well-cushioned walking shoe is great for walking workouts or everyday wear. Leather and mesh upper is lightweight, breathable and supportive. Midfoot TPU shank offers arch support and stability. Enhanced forefoot flexibility complements a flexible walking gait. Rearfoot cushioning cartridge delivers durable cushioning, rebound and shock absorption. Removable, molded Nitracel sockliner adds cushioning and comfort. Wt. 10.2 oz.

Toughen your look with these rugged Dr. Martens 9663 combat boots.  Genuine leather upper in a knee-high casual boot style with a 20-eyelet lace-up front.  A rear heel overlay climbs up the 14 1/2 inch shaft with a 13 inch circumference collar.  Cushioned insole and trademark two-toned, Air Cushioned outsole.

Salvatore Capezio was born in 1871 in Muro Lucano, Italy. Uninterested in following in his father's footsteps as a construction engineer, he became an artist of his own right, a cobbler. In 1887, at the age of 17, he opened his shop on Broadway and 39th Street, diagonally across from the old Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. Soon, the shop became a meeting place for dancers who would stop by to discuss their needs and to get a pair of his shoes. As Capezio's popularity grew, dancers from around the world made it a point to visit him and purchase his shoes. The innovation of the products that Salvatore Capezio created and the camaraderie he shared with the dancers molded the direction that his company would follow. In this image, the Capezio brand was established to promote and recognize ongoing achievements and participation in dance. Capezio products remain in the forefront in quality and in technological advances with innovations like the split-sole, the stretch-insert, the Dansneaker and the Tapsneaker. Capezio believes that their success is dependent upon the individual commitment of each customer to continually set new standards of creativity and performance, while preserving a reputation for dependability and distinction. Capezio pledges their support and dedication to the advancement of dance, theater and recreation in communities worldwide.	Moderately broad platform with medium strength box Medium length vamp and full No.3 shank U-throat and elastic drawstring 3/4 box has light side wings for ease of roll up and greater articulation Shorter length buffed outsole helps shoe contour to foot and allows sole customization Good for shorter slightly tapered toes, moderate to broad forefoot, and those having difficulty getting on top of the platform Good for beginning to advanced dancers

The Center Hi from PF Flyers is a true classic. This retro sneaker pairs high-quality craftsmanship and materials with a 1950s design that still looks cool. The breathable upper, ribbed toe bumper, and durable, diamond-patterned sole create a comfortable, casual look that's made for after-work pick-up games or taking it easy on the weekends.	Go retro with the PF Flyers Center Hi Leather. Originallyreleased in 1953, this men's high top sneaker sports classic appeal with a smoothleather upper and a ribbed toe guard. A cushioned footbedoffers long-lasting comfort. The diamond-patterned rubber outsole of thisPF Flyers sneaker delivers grippy traction for the streetsor the court, and a Posture Foundation Wedge reduces muscle strain forendurance. Have fun, look good, and feel comfortable in the PF Flyers Center Hi Leather.

Dress her in adorable caterpillar lilly white shoes adorned with dancing dragonflies for her little twinkle toes.     Why Komfort Kidz? Our shoes are made from the softest leather and will gently cradle your child's foot. The rubber sole is designed to flex with each step your child takes. This is so important for growing feet. The rubber sole also provides protection, as it is a non-slip sole. Great for busy toddlers! Pediatricians recommend that children under two years of age go barefoot or when unable to that they wear lightweight flexible shoes. Every shoe that Komfort Kidz sells meets these standards for these early developing years and beyond. Don't settle for anything less than comfort when it comes to your child's shoes.

fiestey black leather 55

cult 26011 wrd 11

cult 26011 wrd 10

CONVERSE TRAINERS SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $34.00NOW -

Salvatore Capezio was born in 1871 in Muro Lucano, Italy. Uninterested in following in his father's footsteps as a construction engineer, he became an artist of his own right, a cobbler. In 1887, at the age of 17, he opened his shop on Broadway and 39th Street, diagonally across from the old Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. Soon, the shop became a meeting place for dancers who would stop by to discuss their needs and to get a pair of his shoes. As Capezio's popularity grew, dancers from around the world made it a point to visit him and purchase his shoes. The innovation of the products that Salvatore Capezio created and the camaraderie he shared with the dancers molded the direction that his company would follow. In this image, the Capezio brand was established to promote and recognize ongoing achievements and participation in dance. Capezio products remain in the forefront in quality and in technological advances with innovations like the split-sole, the stretch-insert, the Dansneaker and the Tapsneaker. Capezio believes that their success is dependent upon the individual commitment of each customer to continually set new standards of creativity and performance, while preserving a reputation for dependability and distinction. Capezio pledges their support and dedication to the advancement of dance, theater and recreation in communities worldwide.

You'll love the comfortable stretch of the Aetrex Women's Clara Clog. The spandex upper conforms around your foot for a perfect fit, and a roomy toe box gives your toes plenty of space to spread out. Extra customization comes thanks to a removable shock-absorbing insole that allows you to insert your own orthotic, and a Pressure Relief insole that can be trimmed to give you extra room where needed. The footbed features arch and metatarsal support that help stabilize your foot and reduce stress, and a polyurethane outsole absorbs impact without weighing you down. A high-density external heel counter offers even more stability as you walk.

Get organized with the Timbuk2 Commute messenger bag. This durable bag features a ballistic nylon exterior, a waterproof flap, and a variety of interior and exterior organizer pockets. The padded, corduroy-lined laptop compartment unzips to lie flat, eliminating the need to remove your laptop during airport x-ray inspection. Use the removable, padded shoulder strap or just grab the handle of the Timbuk2 Commute bag for convenience.

For straightforward styling and versatility try the Dingo Shoe Boot. This women's bootie features a leather upper in a casual western style with a pointed toe. Decorative stitching at the vamp adds a little western flair. Elastic goring at the sides of the shoe offer superior comfort and fit. This Dingo bootie also has a comfort cushion insole to ensure every step you take is comfortable. Be casual and comfortable in the Dingo Shoe Boot!

The ideal lightweight performance trainer. Soft, synthetic leather and mesh upper with locking fold-over tongue. CMEVA midsole, iCELL in heel provides maximum cushioning. EverTrack multi-studded Ground Control outsole offers superior traction and stability. Wt. 14.0 oz.

Lighter than a boot but with all the kick, these stacked-heel mules from Aerosoles are cool enough for spring and hot enough for fall. The upper features intricately stitched details and a tough-but-pretty buckle accent. A chunky heel gives you just the lift you want, while the textured bottom promises carefree strolling wherever you go.	This sophisticated, tailored Aerosoles mule will quickly become a wardrobe staplethis season. The Aerosoles Cinch Worm features a decorative gunmetal buckle and contrast stitching provideperfect accent to the leather upper. The 2 3/4 stacked heel adds sophisticated height to this women's shoe, but with the Aerosoles signature comfort technology you'll be able to wear them all day. You'll love the easy fashion of the Aerosoles Cinch Worm!

Western Chief was founded in Seattle in 1891 to produce rugged outdoor boots designed to meet the harsh conditions of the Alaska Gold Rush. Today, they are still committed to making the same high quality, rugged work footwear. Built with the finest materials to demanding standards, their footwear keeps people warm and dry, comfortable and stylish, safe and secure.	Western Chief Steel Toe Work Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! For work (and even for rugged play), trust these Western Chief Expedition Work Boots! Full-grain leather uppers; Lightweight, oil-resistant blown-rubber outsole with grip and "bounce"; ANSI 75 steel toe protection and Electrical Hazard protection; Permanent padded insole; Insole and Boot have wicking Taibrelle lining; Padded tongue and collar; Repairable, stable full Goodyear storm welt; Approx. 6 1/2"h., 25 ozs. State Size. Medium-wide width. Order yours today! Men's Western Chief Expedition Steel Toe Work Boots, Brown

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Men's/Unisex Boots*OUTLAW-331, 5" Blk Pu HEEL BOOTSAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Comfort AND Western style? It's all right here in these Double-H Gel Ice Western Work Boots. You wouldn't dream of heading into town without some genuine western style on your feet. But if you plan on showing up to the punch clock Monday morning wearing those same kickers... you better get a pair ready to handle the pressure. These Gel Ice Western Boots look good and feel good. And they're durable... well, there's a reason Double-H has been in the business since 1955. A piece of finely crafted hide

The Annie Lo is a lace-up shoe that's made for superior comfort. it's perfect for women who are on their feet all day. Comfort features include a soft cushioned footbed and arch support, padded tricot lining, and a light, flexible outsole. Tru-moc hand sewn construction for flexibility. Ultra lightweight, durable polyurethane sole.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	A true comfort classic that simply can't be beatSuede leather upperPile lining keeps your feet cozyFoam-cushioned footbedSoft sole for outstanding flexibilityAvailable in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

4" Heel Satin Pump With Velvet Bow.

Ladies' Rockport B-grade Walkers... ON SALE! These Walkers score 100% in comfort and breathability with their full-grain leather and mesh uppers. A picky inspector gave these "detention" (that's the "B" rating), which doesn't affect their wear or great looks. Rubber outsole with DMX technology for cushion and grip; EVA midsole absorbs impact; Removable nylon, EVA insole for comfort; Mesh lined for moisture wicking; Hook & loop Velcro closure; Approx. 3 1/2" h., 10 ozs. State Width

Custom returns will not be given full credit. Shoes are made specifically for you. This embroidery application is done once you place your order. Please be sure of size and color before ordering.

Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Exhibit a tasteful and refined manner in the Bostonian Eaton dress loafer. Perforations swing across the shiny leather upper of this men's loafer into aclassic wingtip. Sharp kiltie and tassel accents adorn the saddle,instilling formal distinction. These handsome Bostonian dress loafers are rich in style and comfort. Add some detail to your favorite dress attire with the meticulously crafted Bostonian Eaton!

FREE SHIPPING in the continental United States via United States Postal Service!  Shipping for Hawaii & Alaska

U.S.A.-made Justin 6" Work Boots. World famous for bootmaking expertise... Justin Boots have been the standard of the west since 1879. They're the most durable and comfortable Boots around

liner turq leather 110

Designed on the high performance Miura last, the Katana is a multipurpose lined shoe that's ideal for the gym or out on the crags. The dual Velcro strap closures have a generous size range to help dial in a proper fit over the breathable tongue. A down turned toe offers superb edging control. Keep in mind that this shoe size runs narrower than some other climbing brands and that the upper may stretch slightly over time.

18" Long * Made from smooth coated spring steel with a 6" non-slip hand grip * This durable long-lasting shoehorn eliminates uncomfortable bending * Shoes slip on effortlessly *

Harley Davidson Men's Mega Conductor with full grain leather uppers, full cushion sock liner and an oil-resistant rubber outsole. Featuring recessed cast metal "V-logo", inscribed buckle, cast metal harness and removable Harley Davidson heel plate. Our large inventory accommodates immediate shipping on most boots.

WATERPROOF Guide Gear Side-zip Desert Boots. Because it might flood in the desert! (Dry joke!) No side-stepping puddles. No more soggy-wet feet. Top-notch Guide Gear Boots are the ones you need for all-day comfort. My special make-up means HUGE price savings! Waterproof suede leather and 900-denier nylon uppers; Waterproof / breathable membrane; Self-cleaning rubber, non-typical outsole for traction; Removable, mesh-lined EVA insole; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue / collar; 3/4 gussetted to lock out water / debris; Each is approx. 7 1/2"h., 27 ozs. State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Medium width. Act Now! Men's Waterproof Guide Gear Desert Boots, Sand

iglou natural suede 110

Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world!	4.5 Inch Rhinestone-Covered Stiletto Heel With 1/4 Platform And Straps

Slide into this warm sherpa mule for instant foot-pleasing comfort. Corduroy outers feature a foldover collar and a soft sherpa lining. The open back style makes them easy to slip on, and the indoor/outdoor sole lets you keep them on while you dash outside to grab the morning paper.	The stone washed corduroy gives the L.B. Evans Kent a rugged, outdoor look for a great men's slipper! L.B. Evans is a premium brand in men's slippers made with high quality materials and superior comfort features.

Japanese for "pressure point," Tsubo is a design-driven company founded by British designers Nick O'Rorke and Patrick McNulty in July 1997. Tsubo is designed for the fashion conscious, comfort-driven individual who wants the highest-quality materials along with the highest-quality product. The soles are built with comfort in mind -- all of the styles have the unique cushion oval bubbles strategically placed on the sole at various pressure points of the foot for the highest amount of comfort. These bubbles not only provide comfort, but they also allow you to instantly recognize that these are Tsubo shoes.

3 inch Heel Clear Mule Women's Size Shoe.

Welcome to the world of Jacques Levine.  With a long and proud history dating back to 1932, Jacques Levine made their first slippers during the Depression. It began as an effort to create a new class of footwear that was both casual and affordable, but the result was a line of more unconstructed footwear for wearing at home or outside. Now a full service slipper and footwear company with an ethos of servicing our customers with respect and efficiency, the company is run by the third generation of the Levine family from the upstate community of Middletown, New York

For those long days on the hiking trail, a good boot can be your best friend. The Track II from Ecco is not only lightweight, flexible, and durable, but it also features a waterproof Gore-Tex lining for wet conditions. Spend all day hiking and feel secure with the anti-bacterial treated insole keeping down odor and absorbing moisture, while the comfort fiber cushions you every step of the way.	The Ecco "Track II High" is a hiking boot with all the features of a comfort shoe. The outsole construction is a direct injection process, which molds the outsole directly to the upper making the boot more flexible and lightweight.  Variable width fit system.  The lug sole design makes this boot suitable for rugged terrain or ordinary street wear. A leather and oiled nubuck upper with gusseted tongue is lined with GORE-TEX for waterproof, breathable wear.

Privo - a fresh alternative to traditional athletic and casual footwear. Privo shoes are designed to help you feel free -- free to move, to decide, and to be comfortable. Privo is a unique mixture of athletic personality, comfort and style.

For Tap or Character. Genuine man made uppers with leather sole and leather heel pocket with ankle strap and 2" heel. Taps NOT included.However, we HIGHLY recommend that you check with your instructor for fitting preference. Women size fitting

WORK AMERICA's rugged leather work boot is perfect for your demanding work conditions  Moisture-resistant leather upper  Abrasion-resistant, multi-density, shock-reduction Responder II sole  MAXUM insert for slip-resistance  Leather quarter lining  Padded collar for ankle support

Brown bombers! Classic Adidas Retro Pro, BIG BUCKS OFF! Unique kicks for casual wear. The gang will love 'em and so will you. This style has been discontinued, but we've got 'em here... at a slam-dunkin' discount! More

Sassy styling in a hip and distinctive design, this unique asymmetrical handbag from La Rue offers the versatility of wearing it two ways

Tiealign is a great way to keep your necktie straight and in place at all times. Simply button one end of the tiealign to your shirt button just above the label loop on the back of your tie. Then slip the free end through the label loop and button it to the shirt button just below the label loop. This set includes 5 invisable tiealigns. Pocket square not included.

The name of this company says it all  Softwalk, and their Menifee loafer is an ideal shoe for those of us on our feet all day. Expert comfort features like a perforated egg crate footbed offers cloud-like loft and breathability. The leather upper is cleverly elasticized to hold you in without irritation, while the wedge heel provides height and superior shock-absorption.	Experience the soothing comfort of a massaging footbed in the SoftWalk Women's Menifee Slip-On Shoe. The patented eggcrate polyurethane foam insole energizes your foot as you walk; it won't break down over time, so you'll enjoy long-lasting support and soft steps. The durable polyurethane outsole helps the shoe stand up to wear, and Fabritek upper lining wicks away moisture for a dry, healthy foot environment. The leather upper has stretch fabric over the instep that gives around your foot for a custom-like fit.

Women's Kodiak Blue Athletic Safety Shoes Whether you're running around a construction site or warehouse... for a long day of work, stay comfortably protected with these Kodiak Carolina Athletic Safety Shoes

The Puma Complete Trailfox off-road racing shoe offers protection and support benefits combined with superior comfort for the competitive trail runner and outdoor athlete. Water repellent ripstop softshell upper with air-mesh. Lycra sock construction, Drilex lining, finemould midfoot support, forefoot support. KMS 100 CMEVA midsole with idCELL in the heel, ArchTec torsion support, and forefoot TPU protection plate. EverGrip outsole with deep forefoot grooves provides perfect contact with the ground. Wt. 13.6 oz.

Ragg is a Southern California-based manufacturer of novelty footwear and slippers. With adorable designs and funky details, Ragg footwear will keep your feet looking young and feeling happy.

You'll enjoy this classic style from Capezio. The leather shoe features a split sole design with suede patches that let you glide and turn easily, and its free floating arch helps you to point your toes effortlessly as well.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

****Black/Black will not be available to ship until December 15, 2005. White/Red will not be available to ship until January 20, 2006**** The Pump 2.0 system with auto on/off valve automatically inflates for a custom fit. Turn it on when you need it and off when you dont. The Reebok Answer IX Pump basketball shoe has a top quality full-grain leather upper with a forefoot stability strap and breathable lining material. An external TPU heel counter provides ankle stability and support. Herringbone traction pattern outsole. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Beauty. Fashion. Comfort. These are the traits that distinguish Ros Hommerson footwear. Each season, Ros Hommerson brings a fresh perspective to Mark Lemp Footwear. Her classic styles combine tradition with contemporary colors and embellishments. Unsurpassed elegance and high quality leather craftsmanship serve as essential ingredients for success. Comfort is always a priority. Ros Hommerson strives to ensure that each shoe fits perfectly. Every pattern is made to her exact specifications and she personally tests them for comfort and fit. When you buy a pair of Ros Hommerson footwear, you buy with confidence.

The ASICS FuerteTM Junior wrestling shoes are a great combination of solid performance and value.  These boys wrestling shoes feature a tred which grips the mat allowing you maximum control.  They conform to regulation and are great for wrestling tournaments.

Strive for a higher perspective in the Sierra Trail runner from Apex. Formerly an Aetrex style, this women's trail running shoe features a durable, synthetic leather and breathable mesh upper. The PRS insole can be customized or fully removed to match your foot. Fabric lining wicks moisture from the skin for comfort in motion. The removable orthotic insole features multiple layers of cushioning to minimize the pressure of outdoor adventure so you can really enjoy yourself in the Apex Sierra Trail running shoe.

a comfy sandal that you can always wear neoprene strap gum rubber sole modern sandal

Designed with a silent radiant heating system and able to accommodate four shoes or boots that can be rapidly loaded or unloaded for perfect mud room operations. The Thermanator provides a modular drying system with three mounting options (wall, floor, and free standing hardware) that can organize any condo, shop or cabin allowing for a drying system from 2 to 200 pairs of shoes or boots

Any good golfer knows that a pair of great golf shoes can give your game a bigger boost than even the best caddy. Forget the bag-carrier's advice; only quality footwear like the adidas Tour 360 II men's golf shoes will give you a solid platform for a steadier swing and keep your feet comfy during that 18-hole hike. Best of all, if you make the adidas Tour 360 II kick your ball into a better position, they're guaranteed not to snitch about it. You don't even have to tip them to keep their mouths shut.Even if you play the game honestly, the adidas Tour 360 II will offer you the advantage of the best shoe adidas-exclusive technology has to offer for full foot support, flexible cushioning and sturdy structure.Leave the caddy at the clubhouse and head out for a round with your adidas Tour 360 II for a little extra boost to your game. Maybe even, depending on your ethics, a suspiciously large boost to your game.

The classic dress-shoe looks that really hold the road. Dressy style with a shot of practical performance. Florsheim Milfords give you classic dress-shoe style with a sure-footed sole. All made with Florsheim's 115-year heritage of superior craftsmanship and quality. Here's the details

Inspired by three generations of women united in a labor of love, the House of Deron collection is named in honor of Tina Knowles' mother and Beyonc's grandmother, Agnz Dereon.  This contemporary clothing and accessories collection is designed for the fashion forward woman who exudes confidence and a strong sense with style. The uniqueness of House of Dereon is definitely in the details; impeccable tailoring, a body conscious cut and beautiful embellishments are part of its signature style.

A Superstar like no other. The adidas Men's NBA Superstar is inspired by the greatness of  the NBA courts. This high-caliber court shoe features a smooth leather upper with a classic rubber shell toe for durable protection. Die-cut EVA midsole provides the perfect amount of support and cushioning. Rubber outsole features herringbone tread for enhanced traction and lasting durability.

opas brown leather 100

Birko-Flor upper with microfiber liner, EVA sole, cork/ latex footbed, raised toebar.    European Size 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47   U.S. Size (men's) 7-7.5 8-8.5 9-9.5 10-10.5 11-11.5 12-12.5 13-13.5 14-14.5

Foamtreads has been delighting customers for years with their high-quality, comfortable slippers. These non-marking, lightweight, flexible slippers will keep your feet happy and warm.

Classic tennis design with a sporty feel that tennis fans have enjoyed for years. Full-grain leather upper offers comfort and soft feel. Textile lining surrounds feet with cushy comfort. Injected EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Rubber outsole provides extra durability in high-wear areas.

Contoured heel for better fit. Cushioning for better comfort. And the Pink Toe Seam means quality you can trust. With such a wide range of styles and colors, no matter where you need to go, Hanes Her Way gets you there.

RAMPAGE caters to the young contemporary woman, offering her eclectic, fashion-forward products to wear in every aspect of her constantly evolving lifestyle. The RAMPAGE customer is inspired by celebrities and has a huge appetite for designer inspiration.	Beauty is about to head your way. The Mystic pump from Rampage has class and sophistication packed full of sass with the alluring peep toe and sexy stiletto heel. Additionally, the cushioned insole and smooth linings will deliver long-lasting comfort, while the lightly textured outsole works to give you sure footing and balance.

daniblack is a collection of shoes from Schwartz & Benjamin, geared to the contemporary young woman. This collection features all sorts of unique designs with a focus on young and cool.

The adidas Absolado Traxion FG soccer shoe has the look and feel of the world's most elite football boot in an incredibly playable design. Synthetic upper has asymmetrical loop lacing for better ball contact. Synthetic lining, EVA insole for comfort. Pre-molded EVA midsole with adiPRENE insert provides comfort and shock absorption. Traxion FG outsole adds grip and comfort on firm natural surfaces.

Dr. Martens 6" 8936 Industrial Greasy Hiker Boots. Tromp up hills and through the woods in these rugged Boots! Feel free to wear these Hiker Boots to work or on a nature walk through the forest! Either way, you'll be covered with water-resistant protection on the full-grain leather uppers! And that's not all... a nylon-mesh covered contoured EVA insole absorbs shock so your feet stay nice and comfy through the day. And top it off with a no-slip grip on the patented air-cushioned sole... resists oils, petrol and alkili so you can safely step through the job site. The rest

101440GRY465 Features

Kids/Toddlers Size XL 11/12, measure approx. 8" long

Synthetic leather upper with Memory Foam, ISS (Internal Saddle System), hidden eyerow webbing, lateral/medial quarter strap. EVA midsole, stiff TP stroble board. Molded traction outsole with blade cleats. Wt. 14.2 oz.

A cushioned training shoe featuring the a3 Energy-Management System, comprised of polyurethane components that minimize harmful impact forces, direct the foot through its natural motion and maintain essential energy return with each footstrike. The synthetic mesh upper has a forefoot wrap for improved fit. adiPrene+ helps maintain forefoot propulsion and efficiency, while the Torsion System helps create stability and control. Weight 14.4 oz.

Get a standing ovation for style in with the Bravo wedge from Pleaser. This bold shoe features a lustrous upper with scalloped trim and a pretty ribbon tie at the ankle atop a super-edgy platform wedge heel with feminine curves.	Alternative, defiant and nonconforming enthusiasts look no further than Demonia for the most cutting-edge, beyond the ordinary line of footwear. The demonic diva connotation is by no means gender exclusive. Demonia not only reflects the alternative, underground lifestyles, it defines it. The Bravo-07 features a contoured wedge heel with satin uppers and a satin ribbon at the heel and a scalloped edge detail. The heel measures 4 1/2" in height with an 1 1/2" platform. Style # BRA07.

Canvas or leather upper. A higher interpretation of the original Chuck Taylor Hi Top. Stylish and fun, this silhouette is perfect for casual wear.

jumpp purple fabric 95

jumpp purple fabric 90

Get the best of both worlds with the Canfield. This cap toe oxford is a perfect balance of fine design and hardy construction. Handsome calf leather and a cushioned insole cradle your feet, while the shoe?s Goodyear welt construction offers sturdy support and dependable durability.	The Lawrence cap toe dress shoe has a calfskin leather upper, and features a fully cushioned footbed, leather linings from heel to toe, and a polished leather sole. The Lawrence is part of the Florsheim Imperial line, which represents only the finest leathers and craftsmanship

Since 1955, Eastland's mission has been to supply the customer with top-quality comfortable, durable, contemporary casual footwear that is styled and priced right. Everything they do is driven by these five attributes

Baseball is a game of traction. There's not much worse than sliding when you don't mean to. That's why adidas equipped the Triple Star 5 Low men's baseball shoes with maximum-traction molded rubber studs to give you the best grip on the field, because whether you're running the bases or fielding a dodgy grounder, traction is power. Forget batting, pitching, catching and etc. All that stuff is secondary to how firmly your feet are planted in the ground.The sturdy grip provided by the Triple Star 5 Low men's baseball shoes can mean the difference between a safe run and a tag out; between a double play and a fielding error. The Triple Star 5 Low men's baseball shoes give you the grip, not to mention the support and comfort you need to get an advantage on the field and play a better game of baseball. Since baseball is the national pastime, the Triple Star 5 Low men's baseball shoes really make you a better American. You didn't realize that dependable traction is the heart of patriotism, did you?

Sidewall stitched, and heel-to-toe cushioned insole. True to size.

Feet needing special attention will get excellent comfort in the Orthofeet Women's Marcy Oxford Shoe. Two added depth options (2mm and 3mm) let you create a personalized fit, and a lacing system allows for quick adjustability. The soft leather upper is lined with a padded, seam-free polyester sockliner to help protect against irritation and pressure points, and the anatomical last (shape) is extra roomy to ensure a relaxed fit. The Ortho-Step multi-layer insole cradles the foot and provides excellent shock absorption, and the lightweight sole keeps feet stable and cushioned.

The dresser top will stay orderly and organized when watches, loose change, cufflinks, rings and more are tucked neatly inside the many compartments of this valet box. Bills, tickets and other small flat items are within easy reach, tucked into the slim storage strap under the lid. Features Faux leather White contrast stitching 2 watch cushions Slim storage strap 4 small open compartments 1 large open compartment Ivory sueded lined interior 1 faux leather lined compartment || 10" long x 8" wide x 2 1/2" high

Experience the most comfortable slippers in the world...  Wear them indoors and outdoors.  You will not want to take them off.		You may have read that the average person takes 8,000 to 10,000 steps a day. However, as we age, our feet tend to lose the fatty pads that cushion the bottom of our feet. The extra pounds we gain can also effect the structure of bones and ligaments, and cause our feet to spread. Arthritis, gout, heel spurs and countless other foot problems can also add to our foot pain. Memory Foam Slippers give you custom comfort from you heel to your toes and provide much needed rest for your tired achy feet. Memory Foam Slippers help relieve the  pressure on the balls of your feet, bunions, swollen feet and joints. Help prevent heel shock by cushioning your every step. Memory Foam Slippers also cushion your arch while increasing you stability by cradling your foot and preventing foot roll.		Memory Foam Slippers are made of revolutionary space-age memory foam and  mold to your feet for unbelievable comfort!		Memory Foam Slippers are great for men and women! They have both durable and safe slip resistant soles. The theraputic memory foam sole  and cozy plush velour upper provide amazing comfort for sore and achy feet

If you know prom or bridal footwear, you know the name Touch-Ups by Benjamin Walk Corp. Since it's inception over 100 years ago, Touch-Ups has dedicated itself to providing the highest quality bridal, prom and evening footwear at competitive prices. At the forefront of their industry, Touch-Ups combines fashion forward styling with an array of colors and fabrics. We're proud to say we're the largest dyeable bridal shoe manufacturer in the world.

Wolverine Boots is the industry leader in comfort technology. Wolverine Boots has made a lot of good work boots and work shoes. Wolverine Work Boots are lightweight, built to last, and guarantee all-day comfort. Convert Shock to Energy with All-Day Performance are work boots that guarantee all day comfort and durability. 6" Trapper Tan Waterproof Full Grain LeatherPK Mesh Lining200 Grams Thinsulate TM InsulationRemovable Full Cushion Dual Density Polymer FootbedFiberglass Shank Direct Attach ConstructionWolverine DuraShocksTM Lightweight Polyurethane OutsoleMade or Assembled in USA

Rhino Red sets out to deconstruct the concept of the American Dream. Born from a dream and nurtured into the spirit of creativity and rebellion, Rhino Red celebrates the American Dream while critiquing the conventional methods of attaining them. Rhino Red footwear is a testament to the times in which we live where hip-hop meets rock and fashion meets the street.	Hit the streets with these great Euro-inspired Ecko women's sneaks. Sleek leather upper features a bicycle-style toe and driver's heel. Padded collar and footbed offer extra comfort. Durable rubber outsole delivers great traction on any surface.

Guide Gear Swampwalker Boots are * Waterproof * Scent-free * Insulated * PRICED RIGHT! Ready for muck and mire! Available with 400 gram or 1,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for superior warmth. I had these Guide Gear stompers made to my specs. No middleman means a sweet deal! Waterproof natural rubber is scent-free; Steel shank for arch support; Ankle fit design with adjustable side strap makes for a secure fit; Both have Power-cat Omni-traction Outsole and a thick felt midsole; Both are approx. 17" h. Order ONLINE Now! State Full Size. Medium width. Has black only on toe. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

The Fossil Pierce sunglasses feature plastic, sport-wrap shades with a shiny crystal brown, matte or shiny black frame. These performance-inspired shades offer a one-year limited warranty and ship in a microfiber cleaning cloth/drawstring pouch. All Fossil sunwear is 100% UV protected from the sun.

The Ladies Beaded Pearl Sandals are available in Black and Natural Brown. They have lightwieght woven innersoles with arch support. Faux Pearls are sex around the edges. Sandals are delivered in a sealed, clear plastic bag with a custom shoe hanger. Each pair is bound together with a plastic tie.

Brand new item.

Ignite your Passion with this stunning sandal from Dyeables. No matter what color you make it, its alluring tapered vamp, bejeweled ankle cuff, and decorative ribbon train will add a flirty touch to your special-occasion ensemble.	Surrender everything in the Passion silhouette from Dyeables The single satin strap over foot lends to the beauty of the rhinestone ankle wrap with adjustable bow. Designed in a slender profile that gives three inches of cultured glamour for the day that's yours only.

Stylish! Women's Acorn Tex Mocs, BIG BUCKS OFF! Warm. Hip. Comfortable! Slide your feet in and get the best of all worlds with these "textured" slipper-like Mocs. My volume buy brings you a bargain as big as Tex. Save BIG! Soft, 81/19 polyester-acrylic / polyester uppers; Waterproof skid-resistant TPR outsole for traction; Memory Foam midsole over a cushion layer of EVA for comfort; Moisture-wicking thermal fleece lining; Strong suede-leather sidewalls; Padded collar; Each approx. 5 ozs. State Color and Size. Great gifts for sure. Order Up! Women's Acorn Tex Mocs

When performance matters, trust the dependability of the Original S.W.A.T. Classic work boot. Featuring a slip and oil resistant sole, a full grain leather toe for durability and support and a moisture wicking lining, the Classic brings together everything you'd expect from the original. When it's go-time, go with the boot that works as hard as you do.	Finally - a solid, well-built plain-toed, uniform boot that fits like it was made just for you and looks great too!

All-time favorite of toes! The Rap thong is absolutely the first class in terms of simplicity and functionality. The look is a link to the ancient shoe culture but offers a level of comfort that is cutting edge.Product Specifications

Bright Eyes offers classic styling in an easy-to-wear slip-on mule design. The leather upper features elastic goring for a snug and comfortable fit. Additional comfort features include a padded tongue and collar and a cushioned footbed. A molded toe curl provides extra support, and a durable non-marking rubber outsole delivers excellent traction.	Fire it up in a cool new look! Check out the Bright Eyes slip-on with chrome details. It's made with a smooth leather upper that's comfortable and moves with you. Rubber sole is durable and ready to motivate you to your next event.

The Caring Case Collection was designed as our way of giving back' to those in need. Mobile Edge will donate 10% from sale of each case to the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation. The mission of the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation is to eradicate breast cancer as a life-threatening disease.  Comes with a Lifetime Warranty.	Here's the Tote that does it all! Our gorgeous Komen Pink Suede Tote radiates style while offering an efficient sanctuary for your notebook and all your essentials. As part of our Caring Case Collection 10% of the retail price of this lovely Tote will be donated by Mobile Edge to the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation. Primary InformationProduct Type

At Danner, they are craftsmen. They pay attention to details. They forgo quantity for quality, with the knowledge that the boots they craft are no better than the hands that create them.	For top-notch work day comfort in a 6" Boot, look to Danner Workman 6" GTX. It's the low profile version of Danner's new Workman Work Boot. With a special Vibram outsole that's a study in all-day comfort. It's as rugged and grippy as they come. Plus, they stay nice and flexible in low temperature environments. Details

sweater pink fabric 95

This incredible genuine napa leather mini shoulder bag is great for anyone who likes to keep their belongings organized. The front of the bag has a pocket with a velcro closure, as well as a cell phone pocket. The back of the bag has a zipper compartment, and the top had 2 zipper compartments to make sure all of your belongings stay in place. The bag measures 7 1/2 inches wide, 5 1/2 inches tall and is 2 1/2 inches deep. The detachable leather shoulder strap has a 21 inch drop. It`s perfect for a night on the town. This high quality leather shoulder bag makes a great gift for friends and family. They are in limited supply, and are going fast, so don`t miss out. Get yours now!

If you're looking for a sporty slip-on that's no-fuss and all fun, check out the Gauge flat from Gola. Its lightweight, durable canvas upper is accented with contrasting contoured stitching and a suede heel cup with sleek cutouts, while an EVA midsole offers support and a flexible grippy outsole ensures secure stepping.	Edgy and stylish slip-on with cut-out back.

sweater pink fabric 90

Lightweight, supportive synthetic leather upper with double stitch details and adiTUFF(TM) toe. Full-length EVA midsole with adiPRENE board and sockliner over lightweight Pebax plate with interchangeable C4S spike technology. Includes metal and TPU cleats and wrench. Wt. 15 oz.

It all started with Allyson and Michael, who lived in a small flat on a gas lantern-lit lane, nestled in the heart of Boston's historic Beacon Hill. It was on these winding alleys and cobblestone passageways that Allyson learned the hard way the importance of comfortable footwear. After months of withstanding throbbing, blistering feet wearing shoes that looked fashionable but could not survive the bumps and grinds of city walking, Allyson decided to take matters into her own hands -- and create a collection of footwear that is fashionable yet comfortable enough to walk, work and play in. She took her inspiration from the country of Michael's heritage -- Italy, where shoemaking has become an art form -- where resources in leathers and materials are unparalleled.

berlin black leather 80

Birkenstock is known for comfort, and this Boston clog is proof. Featuring the brand's signature footbed design which provides unbeatable stability and optimal arch support, this shoe is great for casual hikes, strolls in the park, and relaxing on a lazy day.	Imitated by many, our original classic clog is versatile for men, women and kids. Going strong after 30 years, this clog is a wardrobe basic year round. Enjoy the closed-toe comfort and support. Features an adjustable strap for fit.

Get the protection of a steel toe with a fashionable fitness look. With full-grain, water-resistant leather and nylon uppers, this ergonomically-designed steel toe lace-up comes with a removable sockliner and EVA midsole for maximum comfort. Along with highly durable, non-slip soles, this athletic shoe is perfect fit for the gym or a day-hike.	Drawing from their athletic footwear heritage, Nautilus Safety Footwear has incorporated the comfort and support of ergonomically designed athletic footwear construction with the tough safety features required by government standards. With their complete line of safety toe footwear -- featuring both steel toe and a new, re-designed, thinner composite toe -- Nautilus Safety Footwear has always strived to improve the quality of footwear comfort and safety for their customers.

Mesh leather uppers, cushioned insole, mesh knit forefoot lining and rubber sole and heal. Made in Italy. Item# 83917

Justin 8" Lace-R Work Boots... made in the U.S.A.! Justin Boots are for people going places. Whether your work takes you to a suburban construction site or a Montana ranch, a pair of quality Boots carefully crafted from durable leather can make your journey a little easier. Check them out

Treat your feet to the support they need throughout the day with the Arcopedico Light. Your feet will love the soft breathability and form fitting comfort of the hand knitted nylon upper of this women's clog. The lightweight polyurethane non-slip sole supports the arch of the foot and keeps you steady.The anatomic footbed design of this Arcopedico clog allows for proper weight distribution to prevent foot and leg fatigue. Your feet will appreaciate the incredible lightweight support the Arcopedico Light has to offer!

It's spring all year round with this Robeez bestseller--decorated by a bouquet of adorable flowers on a sweet pastel background. The perfect shoe for your little flower, it features a soft, flexible sole recommended by medical experts. Easy to slip-on, they stay on with an elasticized ankle band. It also has a skid-resistant textured suede sole, and is washable by hand.	At Robeez, they know baby shoes--and they know what baby feet need. That's why Robeez baby shoes and Booties by Robeez are made from the softest leathers that are both flexible and durable. Robeez shoes feature a remarkable no-slip-off design. And with over 70 styles, there's a pair to match your baby's unique personality. Robeez is always in step with what baby feet need.

Coated shoe horn. 24" long epoxy-coated steel construction includes handy hanger hole.

205100SLG06 Features

Looking for a sleek, chic boot with a touch of mod style? Donald J Pliner's Ring is   here to answer the call. Its smooth leather upper has a squared toe and a minimum of   decoration (or even seaming, for that matter) for a streamlined look, a fully zippered entry   and elastic gore for quick changes and an easy fit, and latex insets in the outsole to absorb   the shock of the many steps you take in a day. Protective bag included for storage.	When the feet are uncomfortable, so is the mind and body. With these words, Donald J Pliner has committed his life to the quality and perfection of an innovative line of shoes. A life-long and family tradition is continued with his luxuriously comfortable footwear that never compromises creativity or fashion. Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury footwear and accessories in 1989, and immediately established a reputation for innovative design and high style for both men and women. Pioneering new materials, such as stretchable micro-fibers, he also brought unprecedented comfort, flexibility, and lightness to footwear. Born into a Chicago-based family shoe business, life at DJP is also a family affair. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife and frequent model for the innovative ad campaigns, works side-by-side with him to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. And the Pliner's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll, is ever present, inspiring her own clothing line for the past three years. Today this global brand, manufactured in both Italy and Spain, has established an almost cult following among people who were originally attracted by the fashion-forward style, but return again and again for the comfort and craftsmanship.

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for the whole family.

Nothing will keep you lighter on your feet than the Stability Walker sneaker from Propet. This lightweight, soft leather sneaker, available in smooth or nubuck finishes, will hug your foot with perfection, while the padded collar and tongue will provide you with optimum ankle support. What's more, the multi-directional tread will give you traction on multiple surfaces. The Stability makes the road ahead virtually endless.	has a broad-based heel for added sure footing. Reflective tape at heel Man-made sole Imported Full and half sizes

Fine detailing and superior comfort features give the Madison from Stacy Adams its high style and easy wearability. Leather lining combines with a supple kid leather upper to deliver breathability and durability, while a padded leather insole delivers all-day support. And a rough and tough leather sole helps stand up to wear and tear.	Men's Stacy Adams Madison Boots. Classic style. Clean lines. Supple kid leather uppers. Durable leather soles. Cushioned footbeds. State Color, Size and Width. What more could you want in an Ankle Boot? That's right... nothing. So order yours now! Please Note

Created to bridge the gap between stability and motion control. The highly ventilated AIRmesh upper offers breathability, and a BioLock Fit system locks the heel in place through a strap lacing system. CMEVA midsole with Composite Double Fan-Shaped Wave provides motion control and cushioning for the runner with low-arched, flexible feet. VS-1 point of impact cushioning in the heel and forefoot. Solid rubber on the medial side of the outsole adds flexibility, blown rubber on the lateral side offers cushioning, and X-10 high density carbon rubber in the heel for durability. Weight 11.1 oz.

Stylish and incredibly versatile, this Nautilus lace-up has the look of an athletic shoe and the toughness of a work boot. This Oxford comes with an ergonomically-designed composite safety toe cap, lighter than traditional steel toes but with the added strength of ballistic mesh. These black leather and nylon shoes are a comfortable match with work or casual clothes.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

If you're fed up with the friction bruises and scrapes of lightly-lined water sandals, Salomon's padded Karma Amphib shoes offer a plush and comfortable alternative. The Salomon Karma Amphib shoe expedites fast drying within the confines of your kayak, canoe or open-cockpit day sailboat. Salomon designed anti-debris mesh along the Vent 360-degree upper to keep any gooey gunk, tiny twigs and other floating flotsam away from your feet. Up top you'll find Salomon's Quickfit lacing system. The Karma Amphib also features an adjustable heel strap with Salomon's patented Convertible Heel that quickly changes the configuration from a shoe to a slip-on clog. Along the bottom is a non-marking Water Contragrip outsole that eliminates the hassles of swabbing the decks after dark marring soled shoes.

This useful shoe tree from Rochester was made to help preserve the life of your favorite shoes so that they stay looking new and don't wear as easy. Each tree is made of fine red cedar which is a great resource for absorbing moisture and odors. Recommended by many shoe manufacturers.	Founded in 1922, Rochester Shoe Tree Company is both the oldest and largest shoe tree company in the world, manufacturing all of its cedar products in Ashland, New Hampshire.  Using the latest in computer technology combined with the New England work ethic and tradition of fine craftsmanship, Rochester shoe trees and cedar products reflect both the quality and employee pride that have made our shoe trees and cedar products the standard of excellence for over 75 years.  Rochester introduced the first aromatic cedar shoe trees to the public in 1937.   All of our shoe trees are made out of Eastern red cedar, a wood recognized for its beauty, durability, moisture absorption and aromatic properties.  This unique species of cedar is most abundant in the southeastern region of the United States and is a prolific tree, not an endangered species.  Both the wind and animals spread its seeds randomly.  It will sprout quite literally where the seeds drop.  Increasing the useable life of shoes is an environmentally positive feature of all of Rochester's shoe care products.

clint dark brown 110

WORK AMERICAs rugged leather work oxford is perfect for your demanding work conditions									Moisture-resistant leather upper									Abrasion-resistant, multi-density, shock-reduction Responder II sole									MAXUM insert for slip-resistance									Leather quarter lining									Padded collar for ankle support

The adidas Superstar was introduced in 1969 as the first low-top basketball shoe to feature an all-leather upper and the now-famous rubber shell toe. It quickly became a favorite of NBA players and has been in production ever since. This updated version features new materials, colors and basic stripe executions. Leather upper with rubber herringbone-pattern outsole.

The Dr. Martens Zack Fisherman Sandal is a Roman-style sandal made from the finest quality leather, pre-inspected for scars before construction. World-famous, air-cushioned sole offers comfy cushioning with every step. Classic Dr. Martens grooved sole pattern delivers dependable traction.

Light 'n' easy Sperry Top-Sider Mako Lug Chukkas. SAVE BIG! Sperry quality and ultimate stylish comfort... these Makos don't bite! They're the kind you can just live in. With durable, supple full-grain leather uppers. Rubber razor-cut wave siping non-slip, non-marking outsole. Removable Wave Comfort System EVA insole, loaded with comfort support. Moisture-wicking polyester lining. 360 Degree lacing for a perfect, stable fit. Padded tongue and collar. Each approx. 4 3/4"h. and a light 17 ozs. State Width

Like the easygoing atmosphere of the Northern California city it's named after, Softwalk's Lodi slip-on provides the simple comfort that you're looking for. With an easy-to-control low heel, and dual goring system, this light shoe will put a skip in your step as you run your local errands.	SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.

You can still be flashy while relaxing at home and youll with the 4640 slipper from Jacques Levine. Slip this on for warmth, comfort and a dazzling style. This slipper has a 1 inch heel, cushioned lining and insole and offers you traction with the suede outsole.	Jacques Levine 4640 is our best selling slipper ever. V cut upper to hug the foot with comfort and grace.

Aussie Dogs has been in business since 1989 when Chris Watt visited Australia and saw a very basic sheepskin boot and decided he could do better.  Chris added a toe piece to the front of the boot, and Aussie Dogs was created.  Since that time, top quality and great customer service have been what separates Aussie Dogs from the rest of the sheepskin pack.  All Aussie dog products are made with superior Australian sheepskin and fitted styling, making Aussie Dogs your number one choice in a sheepskin product.  Aussie Dogs sheepskin footwear is the oldest continuously owned sheepskin company in the United States.

From the original Somerset, a Weatherbeeta Brand Name. Equileather paddock shoes are 100% washable, low maintenance, fashionable and affordable. They feature a double stitched design with a breathable, moisture-wicking lining, spur rest and rugged sole with steel shank.

100% Natural Hemp Fiber Triple Glued Single Layer Arch Support Rainbow Trac Bottom Guaranteed for the Life of the Sole

PLEASER,Mid-Platform,IndulgeINDULGE-518, 5 1/4" D'Orsay Style Ankle Strap PF PumpAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Dunham Men's 6" Steel Toe Crew Chief Boots are first class trail shoes... great protection for on-the-job, too! These boots are boss -- for the boss or anyone else who needs steel toe protection on the job! Slip your feet into a pair of 'em and you'll feel them pamper your feet with fine fit, comfort and support! Great Comfort

Choose From Straight Style, Stirrup Stlye or Y Style Shirt Style! Elastic Adjustable Straps Go Up To 40 Inches. Great for Law Enforcement, Security, Waiters, Bartenders and much more!		Black Y Style Military Uniform Shirt Stays Set - Y Style. Single Clip Attaches To Sock. Double Clip Attaches To Shirt Tail. Black Elastic. Metal Adjusters. Sold in Pairs (2 Included).		Black Stirrup Style Shirt Stays - Black. 2 Per Pack. Soft Stretch Fabric. Double Clip Attaches To Shirt Tail. Loop Slips Over Foot. Metal Adjusters. One Size Fits All.		Black Military Straight Shirt Stays (4 Pack) - Package Comes With 4 Pieces. Single Clip On Each End. Elastic. Metal Adjusters. Attached The Shirt Stays To Your Shirt Or Socks To Keep Them In Place While You Are Moving Around.

These white mary jane style canvas sneaker have a pink floral pattern with beading and sequins. A velcro strap for adjustable comfort and a soft sole.

Champions of style can now go about their day without any worry of compromising their comfort. This classic Keds sneaker promises to keep your feet in high--and comfortable--spirits with its luxuriously cushioned insole and easy, slip-on goring. The textured rubber outsole will guarantee your feet a flexible and carefree step.	The Champion women's canvas slip-on shoe from Keds features a cotton terry lining and arch support. The canvas upper provides exceptional comfort in a clean, classic style.

It's so slim and trim, no one will know your carrying it This well designed wallet has ample space for all your needs.

Prince Sports, Inc, based in New Jersey, is a company of racquet sports enthusiasts whose goal is to create cutting edge, functional and technically advanced products that deliver performance benefits for avid players. The Company's portfolio of brands includes Prince (tennis, squash and badminton), Ektelon (racquetball) and Viking (platform/paddle tennis). The Company has a history of innovation including inventing the first "oversize" and "longbody" racquets, the first "Natural Foot Shape" tennis shoe, the first "synthetic gut" string and the first electronic ball machine. Today, Prince markets leading technologies in racquets (EXO3), string (Recoil), footwear (Precision Tube Technology) and apparel (Aerotech). It has operations on three continents with distribution in over 100 countries.	The Prince QuikTrac Scream is a great all-around performance shoe with the Prince traditional foot shape.Color

Fila began in 1911 in the small alpine town of Biella, Italy, a place renowned for manufacturing the world's finest textiles and weaving fabrics with impeccable quality, true innovation, and extraordinary beauty. Born of the city and its traditions, Fila is inspired by Biella's dedication to artistry, luxury, and elegance. It's Fila's birthright, it's in their soul, and it defines their future. They continue to enrich the athletic experience by improving comfort and performance with Italian design, quality craftsmanship, and refined materials. There is no feeling quite as luxurious as that of playing in Fila, and that is the reason for Fila's existence. We create what is desired, not just what is necessary.	The womens Classic Tennis athletic inspired shoes from Fila feature a leather upper for a great look. The key features are

Leather Key Fob by Winn Intl. Quality key fob constructed with polished aniline leather. The key ring and fob measures 3.5" X 1.375" wide. Available in Black, medium Brown, and Tan.

Shift into Staheekum Andro Scoggins for ultra COMFORT. BIG BUCKS OFF! Luxurious pampering! Slip into the incredible warmth and plush comfort of these genuine sheepskin-lined Andro Scoggins. A tough rubber outsole provides cushion and protection both indoors and out, so you don't have to swap footwear while making a run for the mail at the end of the driveway. Durable pigskin suede leather uppers shout style. Single eyelet lacing. 4 1/2"h., weighs a feathery 10 ozs. State Full Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order next larger full size. Get yours ONLINE for outstanding comfort! Men's Staheekum Andro Scoggins, Cinnamon

A lightweight, fashionable cardio shoe for walking workouts both outdoors and in the gym. ABZORB provides excellent shock absorption in the heel and forefoot. STABILITY WEB delivers superior support in midfoot while reducing overall weight. N-DURANCE rubber outsole compound outsole for maximum durability in high-wear areas. Synthetic/Mesh upper is lightweight and supportive. Gusset tongue prevents debris from entering shoe. Walking Strike Path outsole stabilizes the foot through the walking gait cycle.

K Swiss Classic Retro Shoes

Nylon, security arm wallet safely holds your valuables.

The adidas Speed Trap is a streamlined baseball shoe for the fastest players on the diamond. Zoned material placement. Perfed stripes and upper provide durability. Soft, durable synthetic nubuck on the lateral side and toe. Minimal speed plate with six-stud C4S configuration. Highly abrasion-resistant synthetic on the medial side. Wt. 13.2 oz.

These chic, sleek oxfords from Giorgio Brutini are real snakeskin with a crocodile print that's sharp and eye-catching from toe to heel. They feature tassel details at the shoelace ends, a fully leather-lined and padded footbed, elastic goring at the throat corners, and a stacked heel for real stability.	Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.

Where fashion has come to affect the "sole of soccer". Finest kangaroo leather upper with extended heel cup provides added protection and support. Fashionable trademark reflective chevrons. PU outsole with 13 fixed studs for grass surfaces.

Includes one pair of black small heel boots with white fur trim around the top. Available in women sizes 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10.

This strong and durable trifold Commando wallet with a Marine design is made from nylon. Features include five inside pockets and secure hook and loop closure. This wallet is both durable and good looking.

Full-grain leather or Nubuck upper, gum rubber outsole.

Thoughtful details and imaginative design are the hallmarks of the Robert Zur Collection. Robert Zur designs footwear with great care, consideration and knowledge gleaned from years of experience in the footwear business -- every design shows quality, care, expertise, and a precise technical knowledge of crafting a great shoe. The marriage of international design and technical construction results in European luxury imbued with an American sensibility. The design team, with Robert Zur at the helm, develops and creates new shoe designs on what sparks their interest, resulting in distinctive looking designs that are pure and fresh. By exploring new concepts and using materials of the highest quality, Robert Zur anticipates and creates fashion trends with unparalleled quality.

Finally, the battle of the sexes ends! Acorn Unisex Slipper Socks, BIG BUCKS OFF! I mean, anyone, of any gender, can agree that these are the best in cozy comfort for around the home! OK, maybe there are some cable TV talk types that'll argue about anything, but still. The uppers are warm, soft ragg wool, the soles are weatherproof, with indoor / outdoor grip. Leather sidewalls for added durability. Permanent padded insole cushioning. Each approx. 11 1/2"h., 8 ozs. One more point of agreement... the Close-Out discount is sweet as Christmas punch! State Size (Men's / Women's equivalents given)

At Danner, they are craftsmen. They pay attention to details. They forgo quantity for quality, with the knowledge that the boots they craft are no better than the hands that create them.	Safety for your feet! Fire-retardant, puncture-resistant Danner Elite Series Tillamook Boots. Danner's dramatically overbuilt, N.F.P.A.-certified Tillamook Boots inspire cool confidence on the scene of a wildfire. The leather is fire-retardant and puncture-resistant and it's triple-stitched with self-extinguishing Kevlar thread. An intrepid Boot that makes fire-fighting a little less treacherous. Quality you can count on

Carry the essentials wherever you go in your favorite ladies' handbag - without compromising your sense of style. Our Quilted Handbag features two generous zip compartments, and two outside pockets to hold essentials in easy reach. This women's handbag's quilted texture is both elegant and comfortable to hold. * Man-made * Imported * See colors below * Approx. size (9 1/2'' x 6'' x 3'') * Approx. (45'') shoulder strap with chain trim

Laredo is known for its popular prices, authentic Western styling and excellent fit in men, women and children's boots. Every boot in the Laredo line offers excellent quality and style at an affordable price. They cover the style spectrum from ropers to classic Western to buckaroo styles, always keeping you in mind.	11" Deep Dip Shaft All Over Walnut Deertan Leather Comfort Cushion Insole Suede Outsole R Toe Cowboy Heel

A premier walking shoe, the Reebok Walk Platinum features a full-grain leather upper for comfort, support and durability. Reflective material provides safety and night visibility. Polyurethane removable sock liner offers comfort and support. Grip strip provides improved heel lift. Transition Bridge supports midfoot arch. DMX Walk Chamber Unit offers walking-specific moving air cushioning. Beveled heel design enhances walking stride. Opti-Flex Zone improves forefoot flexibility.

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 1 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The five-eyelet lacings provide adjustable fit.	A new path, a new walking partner and the motivating strength of the PedWalker 1 shoe from Propet. Designed with a molded EVA midsole that caters to the shape of your foot and cushions in stride. Lateral support is built into the outsole for added supination control. Internal heel counter keeps your foot stabilized in the walking gait. Energize your walking program with the PedWalker 1.

Sperry Top-Sider Mens Gold Cup Penny Loafers feature

Best known for boat shoes that have logged more miles of open ocean than any other brand, the Sperry Top-Sider story began on a raw winter day in New England. When avid sailor and hobbyist inventor Paul Sperry let his dog Prince out for his daily exercise, he noticed that the cocker spaniel was remarkably stable, even at a full run on the snow covered, icy crust. Paul raced back to his laboratory to begin working. Using pieces of rubber, a razor blade, and an ordinary sneaker, Paul had soon pieced together the prototype of the world's first boat shoe. Subsequent designs yielded the original Sperry Top-Sider now known as the Authentic Original.  Since 1935, Sperry Top-Sider has been the leading brand of footwear for those who love the water. From its introduction of the world's first siped rubber outsole for non-marking traction, to its advanced technical fabrication to combat the elements, Sperry Top-Sider remains the vanguard of high-performance amphibious footwear. Available around the globe in fine independent, marine, and department stores, Sperry Top-Sider is the official footwear of the U.S. Sailing Team, Zodiac Academy, the World Billfish Series, and the Shimano Fishing Tour.

Built mighty - oak solid BIG SAVINGS! Western Chief Vibram Logger Boots. Built with the best in materials and performance comfort! They're real work Boots that never quit. The price fell here thanks to a Close-Out deal! Oiled, premium full-grain leather uppers, tough and supple; Vibram Tacoma logger rubber outsole, simply the best, most durable in the business; Repairable, stable Goodyear leather welt construction; Unlined for cool, natural breathability; Permanent cushioning insole; 3/4 gusset to keep out debris; Removable, lace-in kiltie also keeps out junk. If you don't need it, just take it out.; Each approx. 11"h., 31 ozs.; State Width

*BOOT WOMEN MID GRDN COFFEE

An athletic slide by nature, the Rider relay sandal is ready to be worn by every athlete. Perforated, double-lined upper with foam-lined strap provides comfort, ventilation and flexibility. Perforated footbed ventilation system with shock-absorbing design. Full-length, contoured EVA insole delivers cushiony-soft comfort with every step. Contoured, arched sole follows the natural line of the foot offering additional flexibility and comfort. Rugged, ventilated outsole allows water drainage while providing great traction on rough terrain.

Timberland set new industry standards for craftsmanship, durability and protection when it introduced an authentic, waterproof leather boot in 1973. A global leader in design, engineering and marketing of premium footwear, Timberland values consumers who cherish the outdoors and their time in it. Timberland has been an industry leader in the use of both sustainable and recycled materials in its shoes, as well as its footwear packaging. The Timberland Company believes in corporate responsibility and supports numerous civic and social projects throughout the year.	Make today an adventure in this Euro-influenced hiking boot  Lightweight leather or leather/fabric upper  Fully lined in moisture-wicking DRI-LEX fabric  Fabric-covered, removable foam insole  Rubber Trail Grip sole offers secure footing  EVA midsole absorbs shock  Thickly padded at tongue and collar  Metal D-rings and speed hooks for quick, easy lacing

Hey ladies, the technology and innovation in this pair will have you wishing Wolverine made heels. The 3682 DuraShocks 6" Steel Toe Work Boots feature an exclusive comfort- and performance-driven design made to help you meet every work place demand. These Work Boots feature brown full-grain leather uppers for outstanding durability and instant comfort made to stand up to the toughest environments. The non-marking, direct-attached, dual-density polyurethane outsole seals out dirt and water for reliable, long wear. It's slip- and oil-resistant for solid footing on a variety of terrains and surfaces. For safety, this pair has an ASTM-approved steel toe to guard against impacts and falling objects. It's electrical hazard-resistant as well, and designed to protect you from shock in dry conditions. Wolverine utilizes their DuraShocks technology to give you unmatched comfort with every step. This innovative system features compression pads in the heel and foot to absorb shock for less fatigue. A removable full-cushion, dual-density polymer footbed softens each step and absorbs energy which provides increased comfort hour after hour. This pair is lined with Dri-Lex for a breathable fit that quickly wicks away moisture from your feet keeping you dry and cool all day long. A lightweight fiberglass shank offers extra arch support and added stability for those long days on your feet. Pick up your Wolverine Women's 3682 DuraShocks 6" Steel Toe Work Boots today for all the comfort and protection you need to get the job done. We can't promise anything, but they may look great with that little black dress as well! Who needs heels when you've got Wolverine! If you're only looking for the comfort of a Wolverine and you don't need the protection, you'll find the 3685 soft toe rather appealing. Sizes Manaufactured

Heavyweight canvas, 2 canvas belt loops, pencil pouch, zippered outer pocket, adjustable quick release shoulder strap, gusseted cargo pouch with VELCRO Brand flap, 2 large 7"x6.5" zippered main compartment, interior zippered hideaway pocket, super handy organizers, great for CD players, cyclists and more.

Old school meets new cool in the Hurley Trips 9 Lowrider. This cozy, casual shoe of the past is making a fresh appearance with a textile upper and EVA midsole for long, durable, comfortable wear. Polyurethane sole provides great, all-day traction.

There's just no substitute for a sturdy, waterproof boot to keep your feet comfortable and dry. Rugged and dependable, the Timberland Super Boot does it all. You can count on this boot to keep your feet protected in deep snow, slush, mud or whatever terrain gets in your way. With a name like Super Boot and a brand like Timberland, did you ever have doubts? Leather upper is strong and durable. Rubber outsole provides dependable traction.

Guide Gear Swampwalker Boots are * Waterproof * Scent-free * Insulated * PRICED RIGHT! Ready for muck and mire! Available with 400 gram or 1,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for superior warmth. I had these Guide Gear stompers made to my specs. No middleman means a sweet deal! Waterproof natural rubber is scent-free; Steel shank for arch support; Ankle fit design with adjustable side strap makes for a secure fit; Both have Power-cat Omni-traction Outsole and a thick felt midsole; Both are approx. 17" h. Order ONLINE Now! State Full Size. Medium width. Whole bottom of boot is black. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Latico's casual, down-to-earth styles reflect the company founder's attitude -- mellow basics with laid-back comfort. Beautiful bags in high quality leather and vibrant seasonal colors are the hallmarks of the brand. Attention to details such as unique artisan linings, unexpected leather treatments, and extensive interior organization have become Latico signature features that turn heads from coast to coast. See why Latico remains a boutique favorite.	A luxurious way to carry it all, the stylishly square Bettina North South Shoulder Bag is as functional as it is fashionable. This bag's slim profile makes it ideal for toting a few magazines yet its flexible capacity gives way for much more. The Bettina's supple leather exterior is stylishly embellished by a belt and silver-brushed metal buckle detail and an easy-to-grasp leather zipper pull. We love the Bettina's detachable shoulder strap and its satiny interior lining that contains additional pockets. Inside and out, the versatile Bettina feels as good as it looks.

The Telegraph oxford from Deer Stags will add a dash of affordable lan to your business or dress wardrobe. It has an attractive, smooth leather upper in a handsome design. What you'll really love, though, are the soft, padded insole and rubberized outsole

Harley Davidson Men's Steel Toe Crankshaft with oiled and smooth full grain leather uppers, padded collar, breathable full cushion sock lining and oil-resistant rubber lug outsole. Featuring recessed metal bar and shield logo and Harley Davidson script outsole. The steel toe is rated ANSI Z41 pt91 I/75 C/75. Our large inventory accommodates immediate shipping on most boots.

Comfort, style, fun and attitude all in one. Anatomical footbed with heel cup and arch support. Durable outsole.

Hey Guys and Gals! Get yourself a pair of these Vasque Ranger 2 Backpacking Boots... the trail will seem shorter, and and your day won't end up with sore feet! One of my best values in day hiking boots! Men's boots feature a redesigned, more durable bottom package, updated styling and high-cushion EVA midsole. Look here

Ever slept on egg crate foam? Yup, these are just as soft and comfortable. A slight wedge on egg crate foam with a suede strap.Due to the composition of the sole, avoid leaving the shoe in direct sunlight or exposed to extreme temperatures.

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

When taking a break from your cozy sneakers, slip into the Zada slide from Rockport and experience the same comfort with an added breezy, summer style. This sandal has a sporty-chic leather upper with mesh panels for added breathability, a generously cushioned insole, and a durable rubber outsole. With Rockport's innovative comfort technology, you'll experience bliss with every step.	Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.

These are the women's Canyon with full-grain leather upper and EVA midsole. They also have an Everlon combination EVA and blown rubber outsole.

These are fabulous soft suave huge 100% genuine all leather shoulder tote bags handbags purses. They are perfect as an everyday handbag, travel tote, briefcase, and more. This model was hand made of rich stunning luscious black smooth buttery 100% genuine leather with light brown leather trim. These are big and strong tote bags that are well made but are not heavy. They weigh approximately 2 pounds.It has a full zipper closure on top, which is great for keeping all your items secure. The interior is a large open roomy space with a zippered compartment on one side and an open top compartment on the other, with credit card and pen/pencil holders on the exterior of this area. This bag is fully lined and has an additional three outside front slip pockets that are perfect for easy access to your phone, keys, etc. This is a large deep purse that measures approximately 14 inches tall, 17 inches wide and 6 inches deep. It has sturdy double leather non-adjustable hand/shoulder straps that are approximately 1 1/2 inches wide and 25 inches long with a 12-inch drop. This is a classic handbag style and a giant size that can also be used for a weekend travel tote or as a large briefcase. This elegant handbag was handcrafted in Ecuador by expert leather crafters and comes complete with our tag. It can best be cared for by applying petroleum jelly oil or mineral oil with a clean dry cloth. Colors may vary slightly from the pictures shown. Why pay inflated name brand prices? The comparable retail price is $650.00 but your normal price is only $249.95 while this Limited Time Special 40% Off is only $149.95.This is quality merchandise at a great price. The only problem is that it is made in and shipped from Ecuador, a small country in South America, so shipping time and if necessary returns are longer than usual. We ship via Postal Services within 24 hours of purchase, 6 days a week, and normal delivery time is 10 to 21 days.

Whether you run or walk, on the street, or at the gym, the Skechers EnergyOrbit mule is for you. The all-leather upper is breathable, thanks to toe-cap perforations and mesh lining, and the heavily-padded tongue, collar, and insole and stabilizing outsole will comfort and support your foot.	Comfort, casual look, these open-back, lace-up Energys are out of this world. Upper is made of smooth leather that is durable and ready for take-off. Footbed is cushioned for your daily comfort expectations. Slide on or off easily with easy efforts. Whether you're relaxing with friends or heading to the beach, revolve your day around the Energy - Orbit.

Bates' tallest tactical Boot packs Waterproof / Breathable Gore-Tex protection. 9" high and ready for any action. That's the Bates M-9. And there's no better way to protect your feet when you are on duty. Here's the proof

The North Face launched their line of trekking and trail-running shoes to address the head-to-toe needs of those always striving for the next horizon. They are deeply proud to be the first choice of the world's most accomplished climbers, mountaineers, extreme skiers, snowboarders, endurance runners, and explorers. The North Face maintains an unwavering commitment to pushing the limits of design, so that you can push your limits outdoors. Never stop exploring.	Travel to the ends of the earth to around town, in The North Face Greenland. Around the base to the top of the foot, is a TPU shell that is waterproof and durable by design. This women's boot has a Dri-Lex fleece lining that absorbs moisture and pulls it away from the foot for dry surroundings. This The North Face features a waterproof nubuck and suede upper. The North Face Greenland will surely be popular with winter enthusiasts!

Modeled from Timberland's classic style work boot, the Direct Attach has it all and then some. With all of its comfort and hardworking technology, you would think this rugged waterproof, leather boot had a mind of its own.	Molded nylon shank, Lightweight PVC midsole, OrthoLite(r) footbed with Agion(tm) anti-microbial cover.

Define your personal style with the rich look of the Maioco oxford from Bruno Magli. This dapper shoe has a smooth semi-polished leather upper, a six eyelet lace up closure with lightly waxed laces, a dress leather outsole, and a cushioned insole that will comfortably take you to one important business meeting to the next. The Maioco shows enough high class to wear with a tuxedo for those special occasions too. Protective bags included for storage. Handmade in Italy.	The Maioco is a sleek six eyelet oxford with a cap toe design. It features a nappa leather upper with stitching detail, a leather sole, and a flexible leather outsole.

After a long day of swim team practice or a long day on the mountain, slip into the luxurious softness and warmth of the UGG Women's Classic Short Boots. The classic silhouette is stylish enough to go anywhere while keeping your feet in slipper like comfort. The wicking sheepskin lining moves moisture away from your skin and the flexible, foam bed cradles every step for all-day bliss no matter where you roam. Wear them at mid-calf or roll them down to expose the cozy interior, the UGG Classic Short Boot for women are the ultimate in versatile comfort.

Smarten up your day in the Badger boot from Eastland. A lace-to-toe boot with a rich leather upper, the Badger is fully lined with a padded tongue and collar. The lightweight polyurethane sole provides all-day comfort.

HAVAIANAS FLIP FLOPS SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $12.00NOW - * 100% RUBBER * SMALL=SIZE 6 AND 7 MEDIUM=7 AND 8 LARGE=9 AND 10 * .75" HEEL HEIGHT* IMPORT **AVAILABLE--BLUE MEDIUM AND LARGE PINK LARGE PURPLE SMALL AND LARGE

Raspberry Ice	Stipple quilted subdued paisley impression on a striking raspberry fabric give this an elegant appearance that will get noticed in any crowd. This all occasion design is completed with the signature Donna Sharp lining and features extensive detailing, useful pockets, closures and straps. Sophisticated - yet subtle enmough to mix with your favorite everyday look!!		What makes Quilts By Donna Sharp so special ? 	Beautiful designs, quality handcrafting and attention to detail are our trademarks. A Kentucky native and 5th generation quilter, Donna Sharp selects her own fabrics and applies her unique gift for color and design to this traditional American art form making each quilt, handbag and accessory a stunning success. Our quilts feature twice the normal stitch rate of hand-quilted pieces, adding strength, beauty and value to each item. Superior quality fabrics showcase unique colors and textures blending traditional favorites with innovative styles. From small piecing to intricately detailed borders and reversible backing, Donna's gift for design is evident every step of the way. Donna Sharp quilts and quilted items are true heirloom quality from start to finish.		Lori Tote 	Measures 13 x 10 x 6 	Snap closure on top flap 	1 outside pouch with velco closure 	2 side expansion snaps 	3 inside zippered compartments 	6 inside pouches

The Microfiber Envelope Wristlet from Travelon has a slim design and can be carried alone or inside a larger bag. Features card slots and pockets for organization. Front flap has pockets for boarding pass, passport, ID and pen. Removable shoulder strap.

Etonic G-SOK...Versatile, Innovative And Oh So Comfortable!  Etonic Womens G-SOK Sport Golf Shoes feature

Women's Ariat 12" Manzanita Western Boots. These Ariat Manzanita Western Boots have a hot new design! Plus their Ariat ATS Technology makes them the ideal choice for most avid riders and horse enthusiasts looking for stability and comfort. Saddle up with all that Ariat Boots have to offer

The elegance of leather combined with the sporty look of webbing give the Chaco Women's Intersect flip flop a unique, stylish twist. This innovative mix of refinement and fun offers the versatility for wear with a wide variety of outfits, from dress casual to anything goes. The look is great, but the Chaco Women's Intersect's underfoot performance is even better. A durable Vibram sole grips with tenacity, whether walking along a rainsoaked downtown street or scrambling down a rocky bluff. And Chaco's signature BioCentric footbed cradles the foot in a position of comfort that controls pronation, improves lateral stability, and maximizes natural heel cushioning.

Comfortable, timeless classic men's cordovan penny loafer by Dexter.

The oxford upper is black full grain leather with direct injection construction. The lining is a comfort weave. The insole is a removable super cushion polyurethane and the shank is fiberglass. The outsole is Thorogood Soft Streets Dual Density Polyur

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Harness the power of a bison when you lace up a pair of Wolverine 4777 Big Bison Gore-Tex Insulated Waterproof Work Boots. With their Gore-Tex waterproofing, Thinsulate insulation and non-slip soles, there will be no stopping you as you stampede through every workday. Just like the animal they take their name from, these Big Bison boots are built tough with split suede and 1000 denier uppers and cement construction. The Gore-Tex waterproof membrane lining will lock out moisture, insuring that your feet will remain dry and comfortable throughout the day. The great thing about Gore-Tex membranes is that they are full of microscopic holes that are too small for liquid water molecules to slip though. Luckily, water vapor molecules are small enough to slip out of the membrane, meaning the Gore-Tex will also help get rid of any inner moisture. On top of that, the 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra insulation will keep your feet nice and warm, especially on those cold and wet winter days. Inside you'll find removable, full cushion footbeds and nylon shanks, which will provide the cushioning and arch support required to keep your feet feeling rested and comfortable throughout the workday. The non-slip rubber lug outsoles offer excellent traction, are non-marking and are oil-resistant, making them great in all sorts of situations from roadwork to the garage floor. Nothing will stand in your way when you lace up a pair of Wolverine 4777 Big Bison Gore-Tex Insulated Waterproof Work Boots. Built tough and providing excellent protection from the elements, these boots are perfect for anyone working in tough environments. Order a pair today and feel the power! The Big Bison is also available with a safety toe as style number 4779. Sizes Manufactured

5 inch Heel Knee High Stretch Boot Women's Size Shoe With Inner Zipper and Contrasting Heel.

#112110  Lace into Leather with the Vencida I Boot from Puma

Your little one will love Capezio's Stretch Jazz ankle shoe for superior comfort while they're at practice. The leather shoe features a stretch fabric arch and side supports that mold to the perfect fit. The textured split sole offers traction on any surface.	Slip-on split sole. Improved upper constructed of top quality supple leather. Stronger, cleaner, folded edges. Patented PowerPointe Construction removes excess material from the arch. Strong, responsive neoprene wraps completely under the arch for total stretch. Smaller EVA forefoot patch for traction where needed. Injected PVC heel for improved stability and shock absorption. Raked heel breast for a cleaner line. Split sole suede elasticized socklining provides flexibility. Professional fitting, high quality shoe. Begin 1/2 size up from street shoe size - men 2 1/2 sizes up.

NT LAPTOP BACKPACK/CARRYCASE * COATED COTTON CANVAS * 15"L X 11"W * HAND WASH* IMPORT

Adidas Womens Driver Kirra Golf Shoes feature

Spice up your footwear collection with the Tribeca Pop Rock pump, a modern take on a classic design. The Pop Rock features a smooth leather upper with an open-work pattern, contrast stitching and a 3.5-inch stacked heel. A quarter-inch front platform rise and manmade traction sole complete the shoe's sexy appeal.	Tribeca, A Kenneth Cole Production. A line that gives the fashion forward customer a chance to express herself.  Up to the minute fashion silhouettes, that covers sandals, platforms, boots, denim friendly heels and evening makers.  Don't be afraid to let the shoe help tell the story.

Able to operate on three different power sources, this versatile footwear dryer works on the soccer field, a camping or hunting trip, or on a multi-city golf tour. A six-foot AC adapter cord allows indoor usage, while the included 12-volt car adapter takes it on the road. For ultimate freedom, the dryer runs on four C batteries (not included). By forcing room temperature air through the vented legs, the unit dries boots and shoes--or even socks, coats, and other clothing--in just three to five hours. The legs extend and prop upright inside any size pair of boots (the dryer may need to lean against a wall for lighter weight shoes), and then retract for compact storage. Ideal for RV travel, the dryer measures 12-1/2 by 8 by 2-1/2 inches and weighs a mere two pounds. DryGuy covers the unit with a five-year warranty. --Ann Bieri	The DryFast is a compact, lightweight portable footwear and garment dryer that operates on 3 power sources drying footwear and garments anywhere.  Legs extend to fit and retract for easy storage.  DryFast utilizes forced ambient (room temperature) air powered by AC, DC (four C batteries  not included), or 12-volt (car adapter  included) to dry footwear or garment in hours.  DryFast is portable, weighing only 2 pounds.

This lo top is sure to be noticed in any environment. The Metallic signature patch is an added plus. Great for Prom Night, dances, weddings, movie viewings, whatever comes to mind.

White/Royal/White will not be available to ship until mid August. Latrell Sprewell, known to be the originator of the rim called the spinners, has moved his invention to the footwear world. The rim actually spins as you walk and/or run. Lightweight microfiber synthetic leather upper, lateral quarter panel molded and reinforced for added stability. L.S. Exchange Technology, the most advanced cushioning, shock-absorbing, active heat/moisture-management technology ever employed in footwear, allows the rim to spin. Development influenced by gas shocks used in cars. Matrix of vents and intake and out take valves allow heat and moisture to be drawn into the chamber while hot moist air is expelled from the shoe. Through a series of events, energy is absorbed and real shock absorption/cushioning is provided. Weight 16.2 oz.

US Air Force Style Aviators. Mil Spec Printed On Case. Case Included.  Galaxy Army Navy Item#10200Y. (Sunglasses & Binoculars. Military Aviator Sunglasses.)

MEN'S ADIDAS FORMULA 1 * UPPER--NYLON W/SUEDE OVERLAYS* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH 1" HEEL HEIGHT * CLEAN WITH SOFT BRUSH* IMPORT **THIS STYLE RUNS SLIGHTLY SMALL--SIZE UP **CURB SLIME ONLY AVAILABLE IN 8 AND 11.5**PLUTO ZEST NOT AVAILABLE IN 10 11.5 OR 13 PROMO IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE ORIG-$80 NOW-

His imagination will hit the top of Mountain Peak wearing this classic boot from Ecco. This handsome little boot has a suede and textile upper, padded collar and tongue, soft fabric lining, round toe, a high abrasion rubber outsole for traction, and the GORE-TEX insoles are shock absorbing, light, flexible and will keep his feet dry.	ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.

Stand up for fashion-forward style in the Steven Madden men's Rumble. This stylish leather casual shoe features a rugged rubber outsole.

clint sand suede 75

clint sand suede 70

609-LENNOX, 6" Peep Toe Platform Sandal With Chain Link Details

Smooth leather upper with rubber shell toe. Die-cut EVA midsole, rubber outsole.

Steel Toe Converse Sport Boots. Work boots with an "athletic build"! Don't put up with clunky, sweaty, just-plain-uncomfortable work boots for one more day. Converse comes to the job with breathable, supportive, shock-absorbing comfort reinforced with an ASTM-approved steel toe for on-the-clock safety. Also

Perfect for lounging and reading the morning paper, the Chicopee from L.B. Evans is a laid back moccasin-style slipper you'll want to live in. Designed for wearing indoors on cool mornings or evenings, this slip-on style features a smooth leather upper treated with polyurethane for remarkable durability, a breathable leather lining, and a well-padded insole for extra support. Decorative stitching and a sleek, elegant design make the Chicopee the ideal combination of fashion and optimum comfort.	Relax in classic style with the Chicopee slipper from L.B. Evans. The leather upper and lining are the definition of quality, while moccasin-style stitching adds interest. This good-looking slip-on will make weekends even more appealing.

From Ariat, the Cascade work laceup in henna. Features premium full grain leather uppers, full Goodyear storm welt, removable gel cushioned ATS footbed, orthotic arch, ATS composite fiber forked shank for support and stability and oil resistant Duratread outsole.

Italian calfskin upper. Full leather lining, security-friendly non-metal shank, leather/rubber outsole. Soft gel insole with eggcrate design.

5 inch Heel Stretch Thigh Boot Women's Size Shoe With Buckles And Inner Zipper.

Slipping on and off with ease, the Sperry Regatta 35 Destin slip-on is  ideal for  boat hopping at the marina or treading through the garden after watering. The  slip-on  sports a combination mesh, suede, and leather upper that's breathable and soft.  The non- skid sole, meanwhile, is great for slick surfaces like docks or wood patios. Add  in a small  zipper on the left side that makes the shoe easier to put on and you have an ideal  choice  for nautical adventurers everywhere.	The Destin Zip from Sperry Top Sider features water resistant mesh and leather upper helps keep feet dry in wet conditions. 		Removable full length molded footbed provides all day under foot comfort. 		Unique zipper closure. 		Rust proof vented eyelets allows air in and keeps water out and non-marking rubber sole with Wave-Siping for ultimate wet/dry traction.

The Superstar was introduced in 1969 on court for tests and was by 1970 released to the public. It was the first low basketball shoe to feature an all leather upper and the now famous rubber shell toe. By the mid 70's, three quarters of all NBA players were wearing the new shell toe shoes from adidas. The adidas Superstar II TL comes with a full leather upper and new color blocking to complement the rubber outsole.

Designed for the runner seeking a blend of cushioning, support and comfort.  SpEVA midsole.  I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System).  Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems.  DuoMax medial post.  Dual-density DuoTruss System.  DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug. Wt. 9.8 oz.

Available with either a soft or reinforced steel toe, Cat Footwear's Men's 2nd Shift 6-Inch boot is a hardworking, comfortable boot with a breathable upper available in a variety of colors. Tough and versatile enough to handle both light and heavy industrial job sites with a sporty look that comes from quality craftsmanship and attention to detail, 2nd Shift proves that basic doesn't have to mean boring.Men's Second Shift6" Work BootAt a Glance

An adidas original since 1969, the Superstar II men's retro shoes are a timeless classic that is a must-have for anyone who appreciates great footwear.  Rather than ask you IF you have a pair of adidas Superstars, we'd rather ask how many you have.  Seriously, if you haven't added this piece of footwear history to your repertoire, then the time has definitely come.  Available in a myriad colors and styles, some with special graphics and subtle design touches, the adidas Superstar II men's retro shoes are the real deal.We suggest getting a pair for every day of the week.  If you want, you can even write which day to wear them in the tongue or insole, but that might be a little too straight-laced.  Go ahead and flip it up; wear whichever pair completes your mood for the day.  After all, the Superstars were the premier retro shoes for players that showed as much individuality on the court as you show on the street, so they're ready to show their style at your whim.  Are you ready to be a Superstar?

Halsey, the ultimate kick-back casual footwear by LaCrosse! In an easy slip-on design, the Halsey features LaCrosse's patent-pending 3mm rubber-clad neoprene for lightweight comfort with 100% waterproof protection. Naturally insulating 3 mm neoprene stretches for a personalized fit; Sport Chassis outsole system cradles the foot for all-day comfort; EVA footbed insulates and cushions for comfort; Internal foam and rubber for cushioning comfort; Aqua tread beveled-lug outsole prevents debris build up; Each weighs approx. 17 1/2 ozs. Slip a pair in your Shopping Cart and prepare to kick back! Men's LaCrosse 3" Halsey, Mossy Oak Break-Up

Targhee II Hiking Shoe Available in shoe and boot styles, Keen Men's Targhee II is the ideal hiking partner. The rugged Targhee II gives you the comfort and support of an athletic shoe and the resilience and protective features of a rough-and-tough hiking boot. This style keeps your feet dry and your step steady thanks to a waterproof nubuck upper, 4-millimeter multi-directional lugs, and a Keen.Dry waterproof membrane. And for exceptional support mile after mile, the Targhee II combines an S3 heel structure with a dual-density, compression-molded EVA midsole and a Keen Metatomical EVA footbed. FeaturesSporty lace-up shoe with waterproof upperEVA midsole and removable footbed for exceptional supportS3 heel support prevents ankle injuriesKeen.Dry liner wicks away moistureMulti-directional lugs for dependable traction SpecsWeight

Perfect for strength training, this piece offers a great compression short underneath a relaxed fitting short for extra coverage when you are on the bench.

He is a sharp thinker and a sharp dresser, especially when wearing this Arlanda single strap shoe from ecco. This leather shoe has a padded collar and tongue for premium ankle support, a PU injected sole for superb comfort, and a high tread outsole for great traction. He'll undoubtedly be the most handsome little gentleman in the room when wearing this shoe!	Keep your kids looking good and feeling fantastic in these stylish and super comfortable dressy casual oxfords from Ecco. Smooth leather upper in a dressy casual oxford style, with contrast colored stitching accents, an apron style stitched seam toe detail, and an instep strap with adjustable Velcro closure for a perfect fit. Padded collar, with a soft lining and a vegetable tanned leather topped cushioned insole. Light and flexible traction patterned non marking outsole.

Iguana Lizard is the traditional dress cowboy boot. It is in a traditional cowboy look with a medium round toe, 13" top and combination walking/riding heel. Available in Black.

SpEVA Cushioning Component adds lightweight cushioning, rearfoot and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, Trusstic System  Multi-piece DuraSponge outsole provides a well-cushioned and flexible toe-off. Weight 12.5 oz.

fiestey black leather 70

Slip into warmth, and SAVE BIG! Triple-stitched full-grain leather uppers. Men's are Brown, tumbled. Ladies' are Buff Nubuck. Warm comfort and Guide Gear VALUE! Waterproof gum-rubber traction soles; 200 gram Thinsulate Insulation warmth; Breathable cotton liner; Cushion / support footbed. State Full Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Exception

You work in the rain, you work at night, putting in overtime in the freezing cold to put food on the table and earn that mighty paycheck. Your job is demanding and often dangerous. More than a few good men have buckled under the pressure, but you have the spirit of the Wolverine. You take up the challenge and use every advantage. Wolverine 4764 Steel-Toe Waterproof Insulated Boots were designed just for you. Chock full of features to protect you on the job while also keeping you warm and comfortable--that's the Wolverine way. Made with high-performance full grain leather uppers with lightweight and abrasion-resistant 1,000 Denier Cordura panels on the shaft, these boots will provide a durable shield against whatever you come into contact with on a daily basis. The steel toe will protect you from dangers on the job as well. The shank is there for support while the classic Goodyear Welt construction ensures durable, reliable shoes that will last through tough conditions and protect you from tripping over a flapping sole. The dual density rubber outsoles are aggressively treaded, non-marking, oil- and slip- resistant for the traction you need in every situation, especially working outside on uneven terrain. Loaded with 1200 Gram Thinsulate insulation, these boots will protect you from the cold while the waterproof Gore-Tex lining is guaranteed to keep you dry and comfortable for at least one full year. You need to be kept warm and dry in rugged working conditions, not trudging around in a cold squishy boot full of moisture and sweat. The footbed is removable for easy cleaning when things get too dirty to be worn comfortably. When you need to put time in on the job, you will have the backup and safe support of the Wolverine 4764 Steel-Toe Waterproof Insulated Boots to protect you from job-related hazards and keep you comfortably dry and warm while you work. Invest in a pair today to feel the difference of Wolverine brand boots. This design is also available in a soft

fiestey black leather 75

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive hippo design is embroidered onto soft and durable powder pink canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet. The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside. Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Burgundy design on powder pink canvas. Machine wash/dry. Gift packaging included. Imported. Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

STEEL TOE Chippewa Engineer Boots, PRICED LESS! These didn't pass inspection, so you SAVE! High-shine and polishable long-wearing premium, full-grain leather uppers; ANSI 75 rated steel toe; Full leather vamp lining; Repairable 3/4 Goodyear leather welt; Oil-resistant Vibram Nitrile Yellow plug outsole is non-marking and street tough; 2" heel; 5-position leather instep strap with metal buckle for a snug fit; "V"-notched, expandable shaft with 4-position leather strap and metal buckle; 17" h., 40 ozs each. Motor to order ONLINE today! State Width and Size. Men's Chippewa 17" Steel Toe Engineer Boots, Black... (factory seconds)

Designed for everyday wear, the Cristy from Josef Seibel is a sleek, tailored loather with a woven leather strap. Made with premium quality, full-grain Italian leathers, the Cristy features hand-stitched construction, a polyurethane outsole for cushion and support, and leather linings for increased breathability. Pair this classic shoe with work clothes, pants, and skirts.	Josef Seibel Cristy

Who knows when the next Flurry will come? This is the right pair of winter boots for all kinds flurries of snow, light or deep. Extremely comfortable and dressy looking as a bonus, what more do you need in these cold and sometimes harsh winter days. This is a classic from Spring Step providing you with Comfort Warmth and Style!   --------   Sizes are listed in European and US formats.

Nine West Vonizia high heels in patent leather. Open toes and approximate 4 - 4.25 inch chunky heel.

7 inch Heel Chrome Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Ankle Strap.

Ignore the weatherman -- your feet never need to know when it's going to rain. The Etna lace-up muck from Clarks features seam-sealed construction, waterproofed suede, and neoprene trim for superior durability in rain or shine.	Establish daily priorities with the inspiration of Clarks Etna athletic oxford. Cushioned footbed to appease tired soles. Exercise comfort control with a flexible forefoot by design. Supple waterproof leather in colors to entertain your creative side and match any wardrobe.

Product is An easy to use aerosol spray designed to assist one in putting on and removing boots. Aerosol can. Read all instructions carefully before using. 5.5Oz. ONLY SHIPPABLE WITHIN LOWER 48 STATES IN USA.

Any armchair quarterback will appreciate the team spirit of this NFL-team-themed sporty casual from Reebok. The Reebok NFL Recline features a smooth leather upper in a casual and classic sneaker style, with stitching, perforation and overlay accents. Other details include a Reebok, NFL and team logo, a full lace-up front with NFL keeper and a padded tongue and collar. The insole is cushioned with a shock-absorbing EVA midsole. The traction-patterned outsole has flex grooves for superior grip.

iglou natural suede 90

Footwear designed to take you off the trail  Tumbled full grain leather upper  Unlined for cool breathable comfort  Velvet-eez cushioned innersole  EVA-TECH microcellular sole  Goodyear welt construction  Multi-layer CUSH-N-EEZ for stability and shock-absorbency

PLEASER,Single Sole Boots,Ankle/Mid-CalfSeduce-1002, 5" Rubber Ankle Boot, Side ZiAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.	Dazzling shoulder bag made of clear vinyl with leather trim.  Holds your wallet, sunglasses, personal technology and a bottle of water.  Dimensions

Durable and comfortable, these Gates by Rocky Boot Lo Hikers are now ON SALE! You get cushioning in every step, so your last mile of the day will be just as easy as your first. And for long-lasting performance, these Hikers also sport a reinforced rubber heel, toe and side bumpers. My supplier had to unload his remaining inventory... so you get your pair here for LESS! Dependable

The smartly retro Dryden saddle oxford pairs a classic look with modern comfort technology. Made with Florsheim's unique Comfortech system, it features a DM2 cushioned footbed, a rubber bottom, leather quarter linings and sock lining. This shoe sports a unique look while offering the convenient benefits of a waterproof leather upper and airport-friendly construction.	Men's Florsheim Dryden Dress Oxfords. These classic Oxfords have a perforated design for a little extra style

With these laces, you can turn your shoes into virtual reflecting machines. Perfect for runners, walkers, cyclists, hikers or anyone that goes outside after dark. Be safe out there - RoadID.com

****Camo/Mesh Green will not be available to ship until the end of August.**** Full-grain leather and suede accented upper, perforated for comfort and breathability with padded collar for comfort. Polyurethane midsole and outsole with herringbone pattern. **Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.**

Brown leather wallet with zip. Certificate of authenticity Fossil.

Made of the finest, softest rubber, the Top from Havaianas is an ultra-comfortable flip-flop that they'll want to live in this summer. This slip-on thong comes in a rainbow of vivid colors and features a molded rubber upper with a Havaianas flag badge, a shock absorbing midsole and a durable rubber outsole for a steady step. Whether they're building sand castles on the beach or just dashing around, the Top will keep them light on their feet all season long.	Keep the kiddos happy with everyone's favorite rubber flip flops, now in their sizes!

hether white leather 70

hether white leather 75

The versatile Clarks Flannery boots are a staple of any wardrobe. These boots feature a waterproof leather upper in a desert boot style with a round toe. Fabric lining absorbs moisture to keep you dry. The rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

ShoeGoo is a superior adhesive and sealant that easily and permanently repairs all types of footware. Appyl directly from tube to worn areas and allow to harden overnight.

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.	The LIFE STRIDE Daze shoes feature a synthetic upper with a square toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

This lightweight, retro-inspired sneaker from Fila is perfect for every day and then some. Made with a durable nubuck upper with a smooth, soft finish, this shoe features a removable cushioned insole and an extra-thick rubber sole for excellent shock absorption. A padded tongue and collar and soft lining keep feet feeling fresh and comfortable throughout the day.	Reclaim your turf in these slick Fila Disruptor II street style sneakers.   Smooth leather or nubuck upper in a casual athletic style with a round toe.  Embroidered logo details, a leather side stripe and leather loop lacing make this smooth urban style a real class act.  Padded collar and tongue, full lace up front and a canvas heel pull.  Fabric lining and cushioned logo insole, lightweight shock absorbing rubber midsole with a bumper toe and heel, sturdy rubber multi-tread outsole.

Lighweight and breathable leather/mesh upper. Injection-molded EVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot provides exceptional shock absorption. Solid rubber outsole adds long-wearing durability. Wt. 13.4 oz

Etonic     Lites Golf Shoes...Durable Easy Care Comfort!          Etonic     Mens Lites Series Golf Shoes feature

The gorgeous styling of the Phoebe slingback pump from J. Renee will encourage you to dress up for no reason. This beautiful pump has a manmade upper with pretty glistening rhinestone accents, a vampy pointed toe, and a feminine heel sling with an adjustable buckle closure for a custom fit. It also features a sexy stiletto heel, a smooth dress leather outsole, and a fully cushioned insole for long wearing comfort. Pair the Phoebe with a glamorous slip dress for a sleek and sultry style.	In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.

Full-grain leather upper with friction foxing tape and a new-wave rubber toe design. Lighter, slimmer construction in unisex sizing. Natural rubber outsole.

101654BKR11 Features

Keep your PAWS warm in these comfortable suede boots with a soft sheepskin lining! Sheepskin maintains your body temperature and allows moisture to escape (keeping your feet dry!) They can be worn with or without socks. The top can be folded down to expose the inner shearing for a chic look. The Thermo Plastic Rubber (TPR) Out sole will keep your feet cozy and warm! These boots are a must-have for women's winter footwear! Actual color may vary due to the inconsistencies in the process of dying and variations in natural products such as suede and sheepskin. It is recommended to treat boots with a water-proofing spray for suede products before wearing outdoors. Boot measures 8" in height. Style # 410-S. Chocolate.

The Helen from Mephisto is the perfect casual sandal for providing all-day walking comfort. The leather upper is sleek and stylish, while the contoured, shock-absorbing footbed provides comfort and better stability for your feet. Throw in an adjustable strap for a better fit and a rubber non-slip sole, and this shoe is sure to keep you on your toes.	Heel Height

New Balance 857

At Robeez, they know baby shoes--and they know what baby feet need. That's why Robeez baby shoes and Booties by Robeez are made from the softest leathers that are both flexible and durable. Robeez shoes feature a remarkable no-slip-off design. And with over 70 styles, there's a pair to match your baby's unique personality. Robeez is always in step with what baby feet need.	Every little boy aspires at some point to be a hero of some sort.  Some want to be superman, a ball player or even the President.  However, most little boys want to be a policeman or fireman.  If your little guy has a hero that's a fireman get him the Firetruck Shoes from Robeez.  Maybe daddy is a freman whose bravery is something that is admired by his son.  The shoe features an emroidered firetruck that looks great agains the navy color.  These baby shoes feature elastic that makes the shoe easy to slip on for mom and awfully comfortable for baby.  The Firetruck Shoes from Robeez will not cause a 5 alarm, but will certainly be one of the hotter items.

Window shopping and errands become instantly more fun in these chic, comfortable casuals from Merrell.  Soft suede upper in a casual t-strap style, with a round toe with toe bumper, contrast stitching and perforation accents, matching t-strap and contrasting smooth leather heel and side overlay  that laces through t-strap, with an adjustable buckle and elastic panel.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned removable insole.  Sporty low slung midsole, with a traction patterned outsole.

Men's Converse Steel Toe Street Sport Joggers. Not your average Athletic Shoes! These Converse Steel Toe Street Sport Joggers are as comfy as your favorite pair of sneakers and have foot protection want on the jobsite. Learn more

The latest version of the classic adidas men's Superstar. This classic basketball shoe features a full-grain, basketball-inspired leather upper with a clean-cut rubber shell toe and a distinctive city logo emblazoned on the back.

Cool meets cool! Dr. Martens Weave Sandals, SAVE BIG! Comfort, cool style and stable durability is what Dr. Martens footwear is known for. Here it is in a breathable Sandal, discontinued for a styling tweak. You save big bucks! Value's afoot

Ten-HUT! New Ridge Scorpion Dessert Boots... built for rugged wear with miles of comfort. PRICED RIGHT! These world-class stompers fear no challenges, no terrain. Tough on the outside. Comfortable on the inside. And priced to move! Let's roll

Tourmaster VINTAGE BOOT BLACK 10Constructed with durable 1.8mm to 2.0mm water resistant leather. Oil-resistant, anti-slip rubber sole. Removable foot bed features a padded heel cushion to increase comfort. High tensile strength thread stitched throughout the boot provides durability. Lowered reinforced toe box for improved shifting. The boot interior is lined with soft pigskin leather for comfort and durability. Easy entrance top opening with stretch gusset for ease of dressing. Rear pull-tab provides a leverage point when putting the boot on. Adjustable, satin chrome buckles. Metal Tour Master logo.Models and Specifications

This durable slip-on boot from Dr. Martens is made for rugged reliability. It features heat sealed welted construction with a standard woodshank, and a slip-resistant PVC outsole that's electrical hazard resistant.	Dr. Martens 10" Volcano Wellington Boots. Water - resistant and supreme all - day comfort! These heavy-duty performers are built to handle the most demanding environments without a snag! With durable, water-resistant full-grain leather uppers and a the patented rubber SAF air-cushioned sole, these Boots are the right choice for your work day. They're slip-resistant, even on oil, petrol and alkali! What's more, the Boots have a shock-absorbing, breathable mesh-covered EVA insole... keeps you cool and eases the shock of each step you take! Look here

6.5" Stiletto Heel Open Toe Pump

The Joan & David brand emerged in 1968 and went on to become an internationally known name in women's footwear. Joan & David blends classic sophistication with a fresh, stylish attitude, employing high-quality materials and craftsmanship for lasting quality.	FREE UPS GROUND SHIPPING TO THE UPPER CONTINENTAL 48 STATES!!  SIZE

Comfortable and casual, the Tour Walker strap oxford from Propet will have you   feeling great with each and every step. Its perforated upper will give you total   breathability while its easy Velcro straps will keep the best fit. Its padded lining and   footbed will keep you at ease whether you're power walking or just living your busy   everyday lifestyle.	Leather walking shoe has twin self-touch adjustable straps on vamp for easy on/off Cushioned insole; soft tricot lining Cushioned ankle Flexible athletic bottom about 1" Imported W,WW

Stand out from the crowd with the one-of-a-kind Steak mule from Icon. Featuring eye-catching artwork from an unknown artist, this is more than a shoe

The Deron collection takes its cue from the House of Deron collection and serves the woman who has a fresh eye on style and the world around her. For her it's all about the details, mixing and matching, from street to chic all while incorporating her own flavor and evoking her chameleon like qualities and ever-changing needs. The collection features sportswear, outerwear, fur, accessories and footwear.

Waterproof Quantum HD by LaCrosse... a sporty looking work boot! Have it all. Waterproof protection and an optional Steel Toe in addition to layers of exceptional sole support and comfort. 4 cushioning layers for relief from the ground up

The Photo Finish oxford from Kenneth Cole New York is a classic style for a contemporary man. It features a semi-polished   leather upper, fine stitch detailing, and a four eyelet lace up closure with lightly waxed laces. Additionally, the smooth linings   and fully cushioned insole will deliver the comfort you deserve and demand, while the rubber inlayed outsole will bring you a strong   and solid step.	Get ahead of the style game in these smart Kenneth Cole Photo Finish oxfords.  Buttery soft leather upper with square toe, reinforced heel and side overlays with double-stitching details, clean seamed collar, punch-hole lacing and elongated neatly seamed inlay from toe to softly lined leather tongue.  Leather lining, cushioned perforated logo insole, sturdy textured logo sole with 1 inch sturdy rubber stacked square heel.

The adidas +Predator Absolute TRX FG is the next generation of the world's top soccer shoe with new engineered Predator technology and exchangeable PowerPulse so you can choose the right balance of power to suit your game. Take the field in absolutely the most powerful Predator ever. Or, with an easy swap of its PowerPulse sockliner, you can take the field in the lightest Predator ever. Upper has two density external heel counter adds comfort, fit and stability. Asymmetrical loop lacing provides better ball contact. K-Leather offers excellent ball feeling and a glove like fit. Lightweight liquid rubber elements for optimal power zone. Synthetic lining. Split outsole for optimized weight and flexibility. TraXion FG for grip and comfort on firm natural surfaces. Wt.10.2 oz.

Adidas Mens Tour 360 II Golf Shoes feature

Textured layers and a modern squared toe give these athletic casuals a fashion edge. Smooth and full-grain pebbled leather mixes it up with suede side panels and bold contrast stitching. Super comfortable suede interior is generous on cushioning, and a lightweight wraparound outsole delivers reliable grip.	For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music and pop culture. Youre sure to have a positive reaction to this stylish, versatile and affordable collection.

Keep your loafers, brogues or wing tips smooth and odor free with these  classic shoe trees from Allen Edmonds. Made from aromatic cedar, the two part  construction and adjustable width split toe design helps to retain the shape of your shoes.  Recommended by most fine shoe manufacturers.	Keep your shoes looking perfect with these adjustable shoe trees from Woodlore. Smooth carved natural cedar wood in a traditional style, with an adjustable sliding handle designed to fit nearly any shoe and keep its natural form. Brass logo plaque and hanging strap. Natural cedar wood keeps shoe freshness.  Size S fits women's med. width 5 - 7.5, M fits 8 - 9.5, L fits 10 - 11.  For much narrower shoes, order one size smaller, for much wider shoes, one size larger.

Moda Spana is an Advocate for pure style and grace and this gorgeous mule proves it. It features a smooth leather upper with a mesh inlay stretching across the vamp, a sultry pointed toe, a flexible textured outsole, a sexy stiletto heel, and a fully cushioned insole for premium comfort. The Advocate is a perfect candidate for your business and dress wardrobe.	Moda Spana was founded in 1991 by Sam Chen, a business man who recognized the need for women's quality fashion footwear in the moderate price range. Today, Moda Spana reaches millions of women around the world. They use the best components and materials available to offer quality, fashionable footwear at moderate prices, and create new styles each season to reflect what customers are looking for -- high quality standards and timely, fashionable styles. By using cutting-edge technology and employing a team of talented, professional people, Moda Spana produces a variety of fashion choices for today's consumer while offering value and the highest quality.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	These aren't called the Weekend Moccasin for nothing. . . You put them on Friday afternoon and don't kick them off until late Sunday night! Give your feet a break after a long week of working on pavement, cement, and hard floors. Soft, yet durable, Moosehide leather. New 2-piece stitched on outsole. Handsewn classic styles. Leather lined with heel to toe fully padded insole. Sole curves up the back heel for driving. Xlarge sizes up to 16

Chinese Laundry presents a sexy stiletto pump that strides through the day and waltzes through the night. The Spicy's leather construction and amazing four-inch heel will keep you turning heads from nine to five and beyond.	Chinese Laundry presents a sexy stiletto pump that strides through the day and waltzes through the night. The Spicy's leather construction and amazing four-inch heel will keep you turning heads from nine to five and beyond.

#607880  The ultimate combination of the most essential attributes    Velocity and Comfort.

The smooth and patent leather detailing on these shoes are sure to get you noticed. A redesign of a classic basketball shoe, the low-cut Centennial   will add some flash to your look on and off the hardwood. This timeless lace-up features adidas signature three-stripe detail and trefoil logo. Its full   leather upper promises flexible support, while the rubber outsole delivers fast-break worthy traction.	Adidas gathered some of the best graffiti artists in the world to work together on a totally original concept, a unique collection of footwear that takes artwork from the streets to your feet

opas brown leather 120

Get the protection of a steel toe with a fashionable fitness look. With full-grain, water-resistant leather and nylon uppers, this ergonomically-designed steel toe lace-up comes with an Athletech removable midsole for maximum comfort. Along with highly durable, non-slip soles, this athletic shoe is perfect fit for the gym or a day-hike.	Full-Grain, Water Resistant Leather Upper. Ergonomically Designed "Wide Area" Steel Toe Cap. Removable Anti-Fatigue Polyurethane Insole. EVA Midsole for Maximum Comfort. Highly Durable, Slip- and Oil-Resistant Stabilizer Outsole. No Exposed Metal to Meet Scratch Resistant Workplace Requirement. Meets or Exceeds ASTM 2413-05 Impact/Compression and SD Ratings.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	These hot Steve Madden Konny flats are made of a tumbled leather upper, have a rounded toe, and synthetic flex sole. They are so perfect for dressing up that outfit without the discomfort and formality of a heel.

Add to your natural feminine beauty with flowers, braids and bows. The Amelie sandal from Betsey Johnson has a floral motif sateen braided upper, a quarter strap with an adjustable heart shaped buckle closure, and a pretty round open toe. The cushioned insole provides long-lasting comfort and the sexy stiletto covered heel has a look of innocence with the sweet ribbon bow embellishment. The Amelie finishes off your summery look with breezy ease.	Brand

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Classic leather suede fringed boot with leather laces. Soft sole in brown.

Steve Madden's Bunni wedge flats feature a peep toe and one-inch wedge heel. The soft leather uppers and lightly padded in-soles prove that you can have style without having to sacrifice comfort. Wear these beauties with your favorite skinny jeans for the perfect up-to-the-moment look.

Get superior style with the comfort to boot in the Bostonian Phillips oxfords. These shoes come in leather with bicycle toe stitching and a lightly padded collar. The leather lining is airy and breathable. The rubber outsole provides reliable traction and wear.

Thigh high platform boots with 5 1/4" stiletto heel and inner side zipper.

Leather upper, die-cut EVA midsole, solid rubber outsole.

cult 26011 wbk 8.5

Natural rubber outsole; Molded EVA midsole; Soft, full grain leather upper; Removable anatomical sockliner in soft EVA

Synthetic/mesh upper. Dual-density ENCAP midsole with ABZORB SBS in heel and forefoot, TPU medial/lateral post provides pronation and supination control, Rollbar adds stability. Durable solid rubber outsole. Weight 14.9 oz.

Pinstripes never go out of style. It doesn't matter what color combination you go with, they are all good, and they all have the same miraculous property of classing-up almost any garment, even our beloved Chucks. This pair of shoes features

You'd better not call the Salomon Pro Amphibian women's water shoes "water socks." There's nothing sock-like about their nonabsorbent Kevlar laces, or their heavy-duty stretch-mesh uppers and five drainage ports. An upgrade from the original Salomon Tech Amphibian, the Pro Amphib features a tougher, more resilient back; durable thermoplastic polyurethane buckles for extra support, and they're styled specifically for women. The Salomon Pro Amphibian women's water shoes aren't designed for frolicking, and they certainly aren't made to keep your feet toasty by the fireside and they absolutely do not want to be made into puppets. The Pro Amphibs are built for serious water use -- they drain like sandals, but keep your feet safe from below water hazards like the quality pair of amphibious shoes they are. They're as evolved and versatile as their species namesake -- on land, they're comfortable and attractive enough for everyday use (we'll even confess to occasionally frolicking in them), and feature an adaptable, collapsible back that allows for an easy slip-on mode. Yes, they're flexible, but they flat-out refuse to be a soggy pair of socks.

6" Heel Sandal W/Heart Design And Bow

The ASICS GEL-Typhoon is a performance volleyball shoe with volleyball-specific technologies that enhance the efficiency and performance of the foot in movements specifically associated with volleyball. I.G.S. enhances the foot's gait from heel to toe. SpEVA midsole provides enhanced responsiveness. DuoMax cushioning corrects the degree and velocity of pronation. Memory foam-lined heel collar molds to the heel for a personalized fit. Ventilation sole increases airflow for temperature and humidity control. Synthetic leather upper is stitched around the outside of the insole allowing flexibility and light weight. Trusstic System reduces the weight of the sole while retaining the structural integrity of the shoe. Dynamic Cradle midsole enhances guidance and fit. NC rubber outsole enhances durability and traction. Wt. 13.6 oz.

Symmetry can be a wonderful design principle. It gave us many fine shapes, such as the square, and architectural marvels like the Sphinx and that face on Mars, but there's also a dark side to symmetry -- it can totally mess up your soccer game. A symmetrical lace design reduces the size and consistency of your cleat's kicking surface. That's why the Absolado TRX FG men's soccer cleats come equipped with a gloriously asymmetrical lacing construction to maximize the effectiveness of your shoe's kicking area.This may seem like a small detail until you lace up the Absolado TRX FG men's soccer cleats and actually take them on the field. Once you realize the extra bit of space and consistency provided by that weirdly crooked lace-up system give you an edge on the field, you'll realize that, Sphinx or not, symmetry is pretty much overrated.

Genuine leather upper in old school styling offers outstanding comfort and support. Performance removable sockliner provides additional comfort, non-marking rubber outsole adds excellent traction.

This Large Top Zip Bag is generous in size and stylishly structured for an every day look that is perfect for any fashion lover. With a cell phone pocket, pen slots, zipper pockets, and top zipper closure, it's practically perfect

These cute lighted strap martini flip flops are great for bridal showers and bachelorette parties.  The are pink and green with "Cheers Just for the Girls" written on them.  Price is per set of flip flops.  Small (5-6) Medium (7-8) Large (9-10)  Please keep in mind that these are flip  flops.  They are not exact fit as shoes.  Non-returnable, non-exchangable item.  No half sizes.  For example, if you normally wear 8.5, you may want to consider the large.  Again, they are not exact fitting shoes and they may not fit exactly.  They are fun flip flops!

Women's Eastland Sequoia Twin Gore Slip-Ons These Eastland Sequoia Slip-Ons fit like a glove! Their leather uppers have a twin gore design for a comfortable, secure fit. These Slip-Ons also feature a comfort unit sole. State Width and Size. Get yours now! Please Note

Men's Ballroom shoe in Black Patent or Black Leather - Low Heel.  New impact absorbing cushioned heel.

This rugged WORK AMERICA wellington can work as hard as you do  Oil-tanned leather upper resists acids, cracking, and mildew  Heavy-duty shank for support  Goodyear welt construction  Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole  Guaranteed Tygum sole with shaped 1-1/4 heel, oil-resistant  Two adjustable buckles

The Rainbow Premier Leather with a narrow strap is one of Rainbow's most well known women's flip flop. It features a nubuck leather top sole, embossed with the Rainbow logo. The narrow nubuck leather strap is double stitched, and the nylon toe piece is secured with a box X stitch, all with bonded nylon thread. The single layer midsole and arch support are triple glued for maximum durability to the non slip Rainbow bottom. It is finished off with the original Rainbow woven label on the strap, the mark of a genuine Rainbow sandal. If any sandal days Rainbow, it is the Rainbow Premier Leather!

This handsome deerskin moccasin slipper from Slippers International couldnt be more comfortable and warm. It wears well indoors and out, and features a comfy-cozy lining and insole, contrasting leather whipstitching, and a flexible rubber outsole.	The shearling suede moccasin slipper from Slippers7 International couldn't be more comfortable and warm. This handsome slipper wears well indoors and outdoors and features genuine sheepskin lining and insole, contrasting leather whipstitching and tie on the front, and a flexible rubber outsole.

These shoes are in Chocolate and Charcoal in the smallest of the kids shoes. Converse figured that little kids do like to run in the mud and not look dirty.

American-made New Balance M880 Athletic Shoes make feet happy! SAVE BIG! If you're into athletics, or just need a good-lookin' pair of shoes for knocking around, you don't want to miss this deal. Synthetic leather and mesh uppers for durable breathability; Rubber N-durance outsole for grip; EVA midsole with Abzorb in toe and heel for impact absorption Comfortable removable nylon-lined padded insole; Sueded polyester lining for moisture wicking; Padded tongue and collar; 7-eyelet lacing; Approx. 5"h., a super-light 12 ozs. State Width

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Women's Minnetonka, Deerskin Soft-T  Soft, Supple, Genuine deerskin upper with deerskin linings  full padded insole  sporty flexible rubber outsole

For an American-made boot that works extra hard, try this full-grain leather design from Thorogood. Its removable dual-density insole absorbs shock, while the fiberglass shank delivers great support. The Goodyear Storm Welt construction and Vibram outsole add unbeatable durability.	The 6 inch upper is Tobacco Gladiator oil-tanned leather with Goodyear Storm Welt construction. The lining is a cotton drill vamp. The insole is a removable dual density Ultimate Shock Absorption footbed on Poron 4000 Comfort Cushion. The midsole is

204425BTG7 Features

These hand made mountain hiking boot laces are extremely strong and durable. They provide excellent holding power. Lowest shipping for laces on Amazon. $2.99 National Leash is a leader in mountain rope products.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Shoes*CREEPER-128, 2" P/F Blk Pu/Wht Kitty Cat Creeper ShoeAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Anatomical footbed. Latex foam midsole. Resoleable for high return on investment. Siped Caoutchouc rubber outsole. Water-repellent leather upper.

This oxford was made for walking. Milled leather and Comfort Gel Lite combine in the Colton from Nunn Bush for an extra comfy and lightweight fit. A moc toe adds an extra dash of classic style, while a padded collar and flexible outsole finishes the classic profile of this everyday lace-up.	Relish the time you spend on your feet in the Colton walking shoe from Nunn Bush. This moc-toe leather shoe features Comfort Gel Construction for advanced cushioning and shock absorption. The flexible rubber sole ensures comfort while a padded collar helps prevent blisters and slipping.

fiestey red leather 85

Explore wide-ranging activities with the Natureveldt oxford from Clarks. Active AirTM system absorbs shock and returns energy. The polyurethane outsole provides durable, flexible cushioning for downtown to outback wandering.

When comfort, style and versatility are critical, Clarks' Charles leather sandal is a must. The slip-resistant outsole provides stability, while the full-grain leather upper with an adjustable Velcro strap offers instant comfort and a perfect fit.	This handsome Clarks sandal in rich oiled leather is loaded with features

The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey. Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.	Enhance your style and comfort in this classic boot - the Campus 14L - from one of America's oldest shoe manufacturer's - Frye. With Goodyear welt bench crafting, a sturdy full grain rugged brown leather upper, a triple thick sealed leather sole, a 1 3/4 inch block heel, and a full length leather midsole for comfort and durability - with good looks to spare - this boot will take you everywhere you need and back, for a lifetime.

****Camo/Mesh Green will not be available to ship until the middle of July.**** Full-grain leather and suede accented upper, perforated for comfort and breathability with padded collar for comfort. Polyurethane midsole and outsole with herringbone pattern. **Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.**

A precise yet powerful low-profile a3 midsole gives the adidas Future Ride running shoe the perfect blend of bounce and flexibility with minimum weight. Leather upper adds comfort and breathability. Full length a3 TPU plate provides dynamic cushioning. adiWEAR outsole offers best durability in high wear areas. Wt. 13.2 oz.

#749078  adidas' new TUNIT system lets you build, customize, and adapt your boot according to playing conditions, your style, and the field.  Choose an upper, a chassis, and an outsole, then assemble your personalized boot! Mix and match components for different looks and performance features.

The classic Milano sandal delivers legendary Birkenstock comfort with a contoured cork/latex footbed that molds to your foot for incredible comfort and distributes your body weight evenly for optimal support. Adjustable buckle straps across the top of the foot and around the heel allow you to secure a perfect fit. A leather upper and suede-lined footbed provide durability and breathable comfort.	Get superior support and a fully adjustable fit in Birkenstock Men's / Women'sMilano Sandals Every step you take is comfortable and supported in this classic Birkenstock sandal. Get just the right fit in the leather upper with three adjustable strapstwo over the foot and one backstrap. "True-to-life" arch support encourages even weight distribution, proper posture and a healthy step across the foot's four arches. The cork and latex footbed, topped with soft suede, gently supports and cushions your steps. The EVA outsole absorbs shock, yet feels light on your feet, while the deep heel cup centers your heel. Plus, there is plenty wiggle room for your toes. Click here to view Birkenstock's "true-to-life" arch support that ensures even weight distribution, proper posture and a healthy step across the foot's 4 arches. Click here to find your Birkenstock width.

Your little one will be dreaming of riding the wild waves and then some with the Surfwalker from Speedo. This adventurous water shoe has a fast-drying stretch fabric upper with contrasting trim and logo detailing, breathable mesh panels, a drawstring closure on the ankle for a secured fit, a fully cushioned insole, and a multi-directional tread on the outsole for sure footing in and out of the water.	Your tiny tot may just be getting the hang of that walking thing, but that's not gonna stop them from following the big kids on the beach or at the pool. Forget trippy flip-flops and tennis that take days to dry and pick up a pair of Speedo's Toddler SurfWalker Pro Water Shoes. They've got the same quick-to-dry jersey upper, easy-to-adjust bungee closure and durable TPR outsole as the Kids' SurfWalker, which means the little ones get big protection from hot ground and sharp stuff too. Don't forget the beach toys! Your kid's gonna dig the eco-friendly sand set from Green Toys, or maybe they'd love to explore from afar with GeoSafari's Sea Scope. No matter what you're doing on the beach, don't forget to protect your young 'un from the sun with waterproof sunscreen or Speedo's Kids' UV Poncho (which doubles as a towel). Features Quick-drying jersey upper Durable TPR outsole for maximum traction & protection High-quality EVA insole with eye-catching graphic Easy-to-adjust bungee closure Size Chart...

Saddle up in style! Dexter Classics Stanfords, 66% OFF! Great looking Saddle Shoes, a mixture of classic dress / casual style and Dexter comfort quality! And a style update (as if Saddle Shoes ever need it) delivers 66% savings! Get into these

No other Salomon shoe sells as well as the Techamphibian shoe. Whether you're on the trail or pushing off from the shoreline this versatile shoe has you confidently protected with superior comfort and exceptional grip. While other trail and paddle shoes attempt to make the transition from land to water and back, Salomon's Techamphibian does it better with a breathable single-layer of air mesh along the upper that dries faster than other forms of textile or suede upper configurations. In back you'll find a versatile heel strap that you can adjust to fit your needs both in and out of your boat, kayak or raft. A Quickfit lacing system up top allows for easy fit modifications without the hassles of knots or double lacing. If convenience floats your boat, Salomon's Techamphibian is one of the best you'll find on any body of water.

Men's Leather Trapper Mocs Take a closer look

There ought to be law against a shoe being this comfortable. Guilty as charged, the adi Racer has been redesigned to hit new heights of comfort and   support. Its full grain leather and suede upper features supportive stitching, adidas' signature three-stripe design, and perforations for added eye appeal   and breathability, while its low profile cut and rubber-protective heel deliver an easy fit and protection.	Face it; no matter how fancy your running shoes might be, you can never run faster than someone in the Adi Racer Plus Low men's athletic inspired shoes, provided of course that he's wearing the Adi Racer Plus Lows for their original purpose which is driving a race car. You might call that cheating, but what were you dong running against someone wearing driving shoes, anyway? In fact, since it's the 21st century after all, what are you doing running in a race at all? As your friend in the Adi Racer Plus Low men's athletic inspired shoes could no doubt point out, there's an invention called a car that goes way faster than you could ever run, and the entire point of a race is to get to the finish line first, right? Embrace the future in the Adi Racer Plus Low. Not only was the Adi Racer originally designed for maximum driving performance, but its design is so sweet and distinctive, it's sure to set you apart from all those slow moving sucker pedestrians still wearing running shoes.

He will feel like a big boy when he is all dressed up like daddy in the Pen and Paper Sr. Loafer from Kenneth Cole REACTION. This adorabe little shoe has all of the qualities that a regular loafer does with its gleamy leather upper and handsome appearance and classic rounded toe. Its padded insole will keep his feet comfy when he is all decked out in his dressy duds.	For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive REACTION to this exceptional collection.

The shark slippers look just like the majestic animal. Swimming across your living room you will be amazed at the realistic look as well as the comfort.

5 inch Heel Knee High Strap Up Sandal Women's Size Shoe With T-Strap.

Enter a new wave

liner turq leather 90

liner turq leather 95

Waterproof synthetic leather upper with ghillie lacing, padded collar, heel tab, replaceable color cards, EVA midsole, VLC (Vertical Landing Cushion) in heel and forefoot and non-marking rubber outsole. 10.9 oz.

LaCrosse ZXT Insulator III Chest Waders... the outdoors protection that has seen heavy-duty service with trappers, industrial workers and everyone in-between! When the going gets tough... go to these! They've got a field-proven record for premium dry comfort. The choice of serious sportsmen and women throughout the world. Tall and ready for action

Ventilation is the name of the game with the Excursion. Leave sweaty, uncomfortable feet behind when you don these sandals from Skechers. This shoe features a sporty combination leather and neoprene upper, elastic bungee lacing, and a traction-ready outsole.	Ventilation is the name of the game with the Excursion. Leave sweaty, uncomfortable feet behind when you don these sandals from Skechers. This shoe features a sporty combination leather and neoprene upper, elastic bungee lacing, and a traction-ready outsole.

Originally launched in 1972 to the joy of grateful feet everywhere, the adilette is the most famous aprs-sport slide on the market today.	#280646  Nonadjustable fabric backed strap and a non slip molded outsole with orthopedic footbed. Imported.

Taps attached, Velcro#174; closure.Infant size fitting

For decades, Chuck Taylor Shoes have been the canvas for wearable art, and the vivid tattoo designs of "Sailor Jerry" have been the epitome of adventurous skin ink. Now we've combined two American originals into one. These special-edition shoes feature authentic Sailor Jerry designs up and across them. *Sailor Jerry is a registered trademark of Sailor Jerry Ltd.

The Grid Triumph 3 running shoe is developed for neutral runners looking for cushioning from the heel strike to toe off. Medial Arch-lock enhances the upper fit. Premium sockliner improves step in comfort and icushioning. Impulse EVA midsole with Grid cushioning system provides increased responsiveness and durability. HRC Strobel Board increases cushioning and comfort. E.A.S. System cushions and isolates heel impact. SRC XTRA cushioning system adds smooth toe off. Wt. 12.9 oz.

Performance Shoe

The proprietary ASICS I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) enhances the efficiency and performance of the foot in volleyball specifically movements. Personal Heel Fit (PHF(TM)) is foam that molds to the heel. The SpEVA provides enhanced responsiveness. Ventilated sole increases air flow for temperature and humidity control. Wt. 11.6 oz.

For an American-made boot that works extra hard, try this full-grain leather design from Thorogood. Its removable dual-density insole absorbs shock, while the fiberglass shank delivers great support. The Goodyear Storm-welt construction and solid brass hardware add unbeatable durability.	The 8 inch upper is Tobacco Gladiator oil-tanned full grain leather with Goodyear Storm Welt construction. The lining is a comfort weave. The insole is a removable dual density Ultimate Shock Absorption footbed on Poron 4000 Comfort Cushion. The mids

Synthetic upper with stretchable mesh and venting. Ortholite anti-microbial moisture wicking sockliner. Internal midsole construction with forefoot adiPRENE+ and integrated 3D Torsion system. Non-marking rubber outsole.

Women's Motion Control shoe with a smooth ride for runners with low to flat arches; along with the control, stability and cushioning known and loved by excessive pronators.

Light, leather performance cheer shoe. 306 textured Finger Grooves for added stunt control extend completely from heel to toe for the ultimate gripping surface. Full-grain leather for breathable upper. Lace storage in tongue for safety and clean appearance. Elastic tongue support keeps tongue centered and holds foot snug. Removable footbed with double thick cushion and elastomer inserts in high impact areas. Low-cut for extra ankle mobility. Scalloped arch with finger notch in heel adds stunt control.

Stuart Weitzman has built a reputation for its creative use of unique materials in footwear and accessories and for its attention to quality. Stuart Weitzman has earned accolades from both the design world and legions of diverse fans, including some of the top celebrities across the globe. His shoes and accessories are a familiar sight at events like the Oscars and the Emmys.

Inspired by mid-'80s soccer boots, the Puma Marilia L is a classically styled, distinctive soccer shoe. Leather upper is smooth and comfortable. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Rubber outsole delivers great grip.

Built for the runner who seeks support and cushioning. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. CMEVA midsole with heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post provides static stability and shores up the midfoot, DuoTruss System(TM) two density Trusstic System(TM) links the rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. I.G.S.(TM) (Impact Guidance System) directs the foot from heel-to-toe allowing more natural gait. Lateral rearfoot flex grooves addsrearfoot shock attenuation at initial impact. Wt. 10.5 oz.

Kick it with some seriously old-school Freestyle attitude in this retro sneaker from Reebok. High top construciton, hook-and-loop straps plus a soft and smooth leather upper render this blast from the past totally Flashdance approved. Cushion at the ankld and a flexible rubber sole deliver comfort.	The Reebok Freestyle Women's Hi Fitness aerobic shoe provides you with strong support from the sole of your foot to your ankle with its padding around the ankle collar and 2 powerful VELCRO brand closure  straps.

Why wait, get this style now!  This peek toe platform pump is causing a fever in young hollywood!  Hot and sexy peek toe pump design on an imitation stacked platform.  Comfy, easy to wear and hard to resist!  This style features a suede finish!

Widths available!  Flexes with your foot!  Anatomically designed grooves in the outsole bend with your foot.  Leather and mesh upper, rubber outsole.

Winter Road Shoe. Millenium II Sole. NEW Outlast Thermal Management Material. Neoprene cuff with VELCRO closure. Billow between tongue and upper for optimal seal. Three VELCRO Straps. Replaceable heel tab. Molded Plastic Heel Cup.

The classic Neil M men's Rio loafer will be a comfortable addition to your business casual wardrobe. Constructed with soft leather uppers with fringe embellishments, the loafer features a superior hand-sewn design for a perfect fit. A full leather lining adds breathability to the shoe, while a comfort heel cup and plush poron insole supports your every step. A combination leather and rubber sole rounds out this sophisticated day loafer.	The Neil M Rio shoes feature a leather upper with a moc toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Enjoy a roomy, comfortable fit with the Orthofeet Men's Melbourne Fisherman Sandal. Orthofeet offers relief for those with diabetes, plantar fasciitis, heel spurs or Morton's neuroma with its "perfect fit" design that features extra width across the midfoot, an oblique toe box and added depth for swelling, hammertoes, bunions or corns. The removable Ortho-Step self-molding, shock-absorbing, high-density polyurethane insole provides support.

Slice of heaven

Whether youre working, riding, or just wearing the 8761 BXB boot from Dr. Martens it will keep you protected and look   completely good while doing it. This distressed leather boot has a ten eyelet lace up closure, the famous air-cushion soles, and a   high abrasion, durable rubber outsole. You know they're Docs when you see the signature gold welt stitching and the trademarked heel   loop. Why would you settle for anything less?	Fashion steel toe boot with stitched toe cap and embossed gun metal black logo eyelets. This boot is non-safety rated.The original Dr. Martens air-cushioned sole, providing underfoot comfort and durability since 1960. It is oil- and fat-resistant, tough and offers good abrasion and slip resistance. A firm leather with a fine print, giving a natural grain finish.

Guide Gear Slippers... BIG BUCKS OFF! Why drive to the maul (we mean, "mall")? Our high-quality Slippers will fit every foot, soothe all those toes and please your budget. Because we deal factory direct to save you big on all these features

FUNTASMA,WomenGOGO-300, 3" Block Heel ST BootAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Best choice for the young runner who needs a starter shoe. Softest shoe in its class at a great price. 11.7 ounces

Treat your feet to complete comfort with the Reef Sultan. This cool casual sandal is perfect for the beach or casual wear. Full-grain leather upper is strong and durable with soft leather lining for comfort. Leather-covered, spongy rubber midsole provides superior cushioning and rebound. Ultra-grippy rubber outsole delivers great traction.

The Paloma is a sassy peep-toed pump from Luichiny. Featuring a sleek leather upper and a curvaceous silhouette, the Paloma will take you seamlessly from your busy day to your fun-filled night in sexy, chic style.

Half-moon zip opening, one front half-moon compartment with organizer, outside zip pocket, front phone pocket, handle, and adjustabledetachable shoulder strap.

First unleashed in 1968 as an all-around trainer, the Gazelle is back by way of Cameroon and ready to hit the streets with rock steady style and groove to a funky back-beat.	#447748  A classic favorite, the Gazelle was first launched in 1968 as an all around training shoe. This new version features bright colors constructed with a Suede upper and rubber outsole. Imported.

Tommy Hilfiger Footwear consists of products that range from core athletic styles to youthful, cutting edge fashion footwear that delivers fabulous styles season after season. The signature Tommy Hilfiger logo and the prominent red, white, and blue colors on their designs remain true to their classic all-American style.

This airy bohemian-inspired sandal is quintessentially summer. Leather upper. Rubber sole. Made in Italy

Delightfully feminine, with a relaxed elegance that's perfect for the season, the Ladyville from Nine West is a lovely open toe wedge you can dress up or down. This slingback sandal features a comfortably flexible heel sling, an alluring peep toe, and a graceful low wedge heel. The smooth linings and cushioned insole bathe your feet in breathable comfort, while the lightly textured outsole keeps you grounded. Remarkably versatile, the low-key sophistication of the Ladyville adds polish to skinny jeans and capris, yet is dressy enough to complement long skirts and dresses.	Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

Classic old-school style for the court and for the street. Synthetic upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, lateral Torsion support, non-marking herringbone traction rubber outsole.

A well cushioned training shoe for the neutral runner. Open-weave mesh upper with Play Dry lining provides breathability, support and moisture management, 3M Scotchlite material for night running safety. CMEVA midsole and DMX foam offer cushioning. DMX Shear Strip heel cushioning, footstrike management system reduces impact of initial heel strike. Blown rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel deliver cushioning, traction and durability, forefoot flex grooves add flexibility. Weight 10.2 oz.

The New Balance 610 is a full-grain leather, lo-cut basketball shoe. It has a long-wear lining, a herrinbone outsole for increased traction, and a stability web for midfoot support. This shoe is also ideal for active basketball referee. Color

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Sandals*MINNIE-06, 3 3/4" Gingham P/F Blk Gingham SandalAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Cactus 421S Black is one of our classic oxford made with semi full-grain leather with EVA outsole. EVA outsole provides cushioning and less weight on the shoes. Please check our best quality genuine leather! We selected taibrelle lining for excellent air flow and leather pillow cushioned insole for excellent moisture absorption with long lasting comfort. The key component of work boot is the durability, safety and comfort. Cactus provides ultimate comfort to the shoes wearers. Please check our cushioned insole, padded collar, lightweight, flexibleness and high quality leather found in each pair. We make durable, best comfort shoes. Steel toe available.

Blaze a new trail in the Aetrex Sierra women's running shoe. The Mozaic insole and sculpted EVA midsole combine to relieve pressure on the foot and provide a well-cushioned ride. Scotchgard protection offers water resistance, and the lugged outsole delivers great traction on unpredictable surfaces.

5 inch Heel Pig Leather Thigh High Boots Women's Size Shoe.

Easy-going and casual, Propet updated one of their best-selling sandals with a removable insole that makes room for full-length orthotics. The Propet Women's OrthoWalker III Sandals features a durable, slip-resistant polyurethane outsole to provide shock absorption, a wide sole to feet the room they need, and an internal heel counter for extra support. It is backed by the world famous Propet 1,000 Mile Guarantee--the best walking shoe guarantee around.

A classic moccasin slipper never goes out of style. This one, from Slippers International, is featured in soft suede with leather lacing and a soft pile lining. Indoor/outdoor soles give it versatility and traction.	This handsewn suede leather slipper gets its comfort from a pile lining and classic moccasin design  Suede leather upper  Classic moccasin design  Indoor-outdoor trapper sole  Pile lining  Cushioned insole  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

This bootie features a beautiful decoration of beads at the toe of the boot, a soft, supple suede leather construction and a fully padded insole.

From Kenneth Cole New York, this traditional style oxford merges classy cut with modern comfort technology for a spectacularly versatile shoe. Full leather upper gives a highly polished look and leather lining adds breathability. Four-eyelet lacing is subtle and has an attractive design to complement stitching details.	Taking the on ramp onto a busy freeway is always challenging but with Kenneth Cole's Merge things are a bit more manageable. This oxford brings you everything you need in a men's dress casual. Featuring a leather upper and cushioned footbed for comfort, this is a great shoe for the busy workday.

High-performing, versatile, style-packed skate shoe with fully functional skate features. Full-grain leather upper with removable Velcro strap for support and versatility. Luna Nitrocel outsole provides excellent traction, flexibility and board control. Quarter panel TPR reinforcement offers support and durability. Perforated vamp, quarter and collar panels provide breathable comfort.

Waterproof Carolina 6" Steel Toe Core Work Boots! Protection and comfort are keys to a successful shift. Protective steel toe. Steel shank for support. Oil-resistant, vibration-dampening sponge rubber sole for walking comfort. A breathable nylon mesh fabric lining and moisture-managing footbed deliver the comfort you deserve

Maybe you're feeling fiery, maybe you're feeling more to the point, but you're always feeling fiercely styled in the Transformer-800 from Demonia by Pleaser. This chic, customizable boot rocks full-length buckles for great texture and a full-length zipper for majorly easy dressing. No matter your preference, this fab find suits you.	Maybe you're feeling fiery, maybe you're feeling more to the point, but you're always feeling fiercely styled in the Transformer-800 from Demonia by Pleaser. This chic, customizable boot rocks full-length buckles for great texture and a full-length zipper for majorly easy dressing. No matter your preference, this fab find suits you. Gothic Boot With 5.5 Inch Heel And Buckles. Includes Interchangeable Pieces Black/Spikes And Red/Flame.

From the moment its iconic exercise sandals hit the shelves in 1968, Dr. Scholl's has been a brand synonymous with comfortable footwear and healthy feet. Today, Dr. Scholl's offers footwear in a variety of fashionable styles that range from casual to elegant, to fun and funky. Dr. Scholl's continues its tradition of using the latest podiatric medicine and research to revolutionize the way Americans think of, and care for, their feet.	There's no hiding you great style when you wear the Dr. Scholl's Masquerade slip-on. This chic women's wedge-heel skimmer features a rich suede upper textured with strap, buckle and stud details. A smooth lining and Memory FitTM footbed lend all-day ease, while the Dr. Scholl's Masquerade shoe grips the ground with a durable traction sole.

Timberland's Mudsill hiker looks great, with its breathable mesh and soft--yet durable--suede upper, but it also works hard. Whether you're on the job or on the trail, its comfort padding, steel toe, and lugged outsole will deliver a sure, steady, comfortable, and protected step.	These men's hiking shoes feature a compression molded EVA midsole for lightweight cushioning and an OrthoLite(r) footbed with Agion anti-microbial cover to reduce odors. These boots also feature a Timberland Pro(r) non-marking, oil-, slip-, and abrasion-resistant rubber outsole.

If you're a ballerina that needs a little extra width, then Capezio's Aerial is the perfect shoe for you. The low vamp gives a graceful line, and the #2 shank and tapered box accommodates high arches very well.	Tapered, three-quarter toe box. Low vamp. Round shape throat. Moderate crown. Oval platform. Nylon binding with cotton drawstring. Skived No 2 leather broad shank. BEST FIT

liner fuschia leather 80

Walk into any room like you own it in these hip and sleek dress loafers. The Steve Madden Threaten is constructed of a leather upper with a burnished finish for a weathered look. It also has split-toe stitching, a lightly padded insole and a man-made sole with rubber insets for traction.

For those who seek fashion forward designs, look no further than the Parker flat boot from Klub Nico. With a long, sleek profile, the upper is constructed from both leather and fabric and features an traditional lace-up detail. With a shaft-length side zipper, taking this boot on and off will be simple and convenient.The flat rubber sole delivers both comfort and traction while on downtown city streets or in country adventures this Fall.	Klub Nico is a brand of Ipanema, Inc. a Northern California-based company founded by Kelley A. Lehner in 2003. All Klub Nico footwear is manufactured in the south of Brazil using a combination of traditional craftsmanship and the latest technology in shoe making. Their mission is to provide quality, unique shoes suitable for the modern fashionable women.

liner fuschia leather 85

Me Too builds shoes from the ground up to bring you the fashion and comfort you deserve. They accomplish this by using the finest leathers, components and treatments, combined with the latest inspirations.Me Too is established in the fashion world as timeless and classic with a little edge.	Me Too Women's Lapria Pumps classic style with cushiony soft comfort You'll feel as good as you look when you dress up in this round-toe pump. A beautiful leather upper with genuine leather lining wraps your foot in breathable comfort. Latex foam cushions from heel to toe, while a memory foam heel pad adds extra comfort to soften your steps. A chunky heel updates the classic silhouette.

Carolina 6" Steel Toe Domestic Boots... made in the USA! In EXTRA-WIDE sizes too! No-nonsense Boots tend to the comfort of your feet. They manage moisture, heat, and microbial and fungal development. A steel shank and available steel toe protect your feet from injury. They're built tough so you can be tough

Office attire should include a cap toe shoe and Welles from Florsheim is the perfect choice. A quality leather upper matched with a leather outsole means business.	Dressed to the nines, with all day comfort! These Florsheim Wellies Cap Toes are where it's at. You'll find yourself "spruced up" a little more often wtih these softies to step into! These Cap Toes are sharp as tacks, but on the inside there's it's all comfort, thanks to Florsheim's trusted comfort know-how. Premium, full-grain leather uppers; Leather outsole with rubber heel for long-wearing grip; Leather lining and permanent leather padded insole; All components are fully non-metallic; Approx. 4"h., 14 ozs. each. State Color; Width

Stylish Dr. Martens Casuals... now PRICED LESS! Looks and comfort! You've found your new "favorite friend" for making the casual scene. A discontinued style spells big bucks off! Full-grain leather uppers Dr. Martens famous honeycombed air-cushioned outsole puts bounce in your step to fight foot fatigue like no other Removable Taibrelle-lined and padded footbed for comfort Taibrelle lining wicks away moisture 6-eyelet lacing Each is 4" h., weighs 16 ozs. State Color and Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger size. Order ONLINE Today! Men's Dr. Martens Casuals

SAVE on Men's and Ladies' Staheekum Wellies. The soft comfort of a slipper inside a tough outer shell. No socks required for these babies. Plush genuine sheep's wool inner lining makes 'em feel great on your feet. A killer deal on a volume buy makes 'em feel great on your wallet! You save big! Leather upper forefoot with suede leather shaft; Tough rubber outsole with aggressive traction handles outdoor environments with ease; Genuine sheep's wool footbed; Each stands 9" tall and weighs 21 ozs. Order ONLINE now for yours! State Size. Medium width. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Clean lines and a classy buckle strap across the instep make the LifeStride Spiral Tailored Dress Mule a gorgeous addition to your shoe closet. The smooth faux leather upper is accented with a croco embossed center panel and stitch detail. A smooth lining, cushioned footbed and a stacked stabilized heel give you the support you need for all day wear. These versatile mules look great with stylish capris and a tiny tee for an eye-catching ensemble.	Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.

Built to serve, the USA-made Desert Acadia has a full-grain leather and 1000 Denier nylon exterior for rugged durability. Dri-Lex lining provides excellent heat mitigation. It features a thick, cushioned footbed and a self-cleaning Vibram Sierra outsole. Danners famous stitchdown construction gives the boot a more stable platform underfoot and superior durability.	The Danner Desert Arcadia Boot delivers durable, rugged and lightweight 1000 Denier nylon upper and are made in the USA

Minnetonka gives you an alternative to ordinary summer footwear with this refreshing island-in-the-sun sandal  Leather upper  Leather-covered cushioned insole  Polyurethane sole  1-1/8 heel  Adjustable hook and loop closure for easy on/off  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

BE UNIQUE AND A STEP ABOVE THE REST! WEAR WHAT CELEBRITIES WEAR ALL DAY LONG! These rich looking, elegant, classy Genuine Crocodile shoes are hand crafted by one of the finest exotic shoes manufacturers, Steve Harvey. Steve Harvey offers sensational exotic shoes that are completely hand crafted and hand stitched. The inside is a butter soft lambskin leather for superior comfort and the sole is hand stitched in leather for excellent durability. The insole is cushioned for added shock absorption. These shoes will fit a Medium width up to a "D" width due to the soft lambskin interior leather. These high-fashion shoes are guaranteed to stop the traffic and are sold in upper-end stores for up to $599! GET THEM FROM US FOR MUCH LESS! 		Steve Harvey does not use the "painted-on" process to color these shoes like other manufacturers, instead, they use a special tanning process to glaze the premium grade crocodile.

iglou pink suede 50

The slip-on from Donald J Pliner will pamper your feet with the suave, pebble-grain leather and comfortable stride. The Lino features a stylishly narrowed toe and specialized stitching. Intriguing metal hardware on the vamp adds to the Lino's appeal, making this shoe classy enough for day or night.	Slip into comfort and sophisticated style with the Donald J Pliner Lino loafers. Features a suede or animal hair upper with a moc toe design and stylish hardware detail at the vamp. Leather lining and a cushioned footbed provide comfort all day. A leather outsole with rubber island ensures long-lasting traction and style.

6 inch Pointed Stiletto Women's Size Shoe With 7 Interchangeable Ribbons.

A lightweight trainer for the runner seeking a flexible, well-cushioned, fast-paced training shoe. Synthetic leather and breathable open mesh upper. Compression-molded EVA midsole with heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, DuoMax Stabilizing Wave cradles the heel for moderate stability and guidance. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole for flexibility, traction and cushioning during toe-off. Wt.10.1 oz.

The NEW ULTRASCENDOR MID takes the award-winning Ultrascendor to a new height. It features a Secure-fit Lacing System that provides exceptional ankle support. The comfortable, padded Achilles Support wit heel-Grip lining grips the sock to minimize heel slippage. These features, combined with lightweight materials, work together to optimize support and comfort.

Cochise Boots. Warmth and comfort up to your knees. Fringed suede leather Boots, popular on the frontier, popular today. They're warm, comfortable and look great with jeans or leathers. Inside is a 1/4"-thick cushioned insole to soften each step. An 18" classic with rawhide laces, in 2 styles. Front lace, choose crepe hardsole or double leather softsole. Side lace with hardsoles only. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. State Full Size. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Pro Line Stream Rubber Waders keep you dry and comfortable for less! SAVE BIG NOW! Quality Rubber Waders at major savings! These Pro Line Stream Rubber Waders feature vulcanized construction and are factory-tested to be 100% waterproof. The insulated boot has sponge rubber padding for added comfort. The deep cleated outsole provides secure traction. Save big now! Other features

Perforated Pony Gate Athletics... BIG BUCKS OFF! Are they on? No heavy bulk here. Average weight is just 9 ozs. apiece. And the multiple perforation design keeps your feet cucumber cool. Loads of built-in comfort, too. Breathable synthetic and full-grain leather uppers; Rubber arrow lug outsole for great grip; Cushioning blown-rubber midsole; Permanent, canvas-lined and padded insole for comfort; Approx. 4" h., weighs 9 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order ONLINE Today! Men's Pony Gate Athletics, Black

Caterpillar builds the machines that help customers build a better world. This Caterpillar shoe is built with the same commitment...to meet the demands of rugged work sites. Cat footwear is made of tough components like premium quality leathers, high technology comfort systems and durable, long lasting outsoles. Steel toes.

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Take on any trail with the waterproof protection and support of the Men's Wolverine Spencer Waterproof Hiking Boots. The removable full cushion footbed allows for customizable comfort and the mesh lining gives these Wolverine hiking boots a breathable and airy feel when you're trekking in warmer climates.

The most recognized penetrating, alcohol-based leather dye in the world. Dries uniformly and mixes easily to create interesting middle tones. Includes One Wool Dauber.

Full-grain leather "fingers" upper.  Distressed suede leather base and lace cover.  Rubber outsole.

Your purse, diapers and wipes bag, work and travel clutch combined into one.

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction to this exceptional collection.

The Dr. Martens slip-on casual shoe combines soft, tumbled leather with rugged detailing for comfort and style. FBX Flex Bex outsole is accentuated with yellow Z stitch detail.

Your adventurous little tot will be hard to catch when dashing around the playground in ECCO's Hide & Seek Monkey Bar sandal. Comfort is definitely no obstacle for this adorable leather sandal--it features a fully cushioned insole, smooth linings, a padded collar, and an adjustable hook-and-loop strap for a fit that's just right. What's more, the durable rubber outsole offers a safe and solid step with a high-abrasion tread.	ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.

Harley-Davidson Men's Skull Biker Wallet Chain, Heavy-duty 19" bike chain with custom, sculpted skull medallion for instant attitude for existing biker wallets, 99454-06V

Kamik brings durable construction and simple style to their Snowkone boots for kids. These sleek boots feature waterproof PVC rubber uppers, removable liners, treaded PVC out-soles and nylon collars with elastic drawstring closures to keep the warmth in and the moisture out.	Kamik makes footwear that brings to life its northern origins. Singular. Strong. Simply dependable. The result of all this effort

Sprint down the trails or across the rocks with the XA Pro 3D XCR Running Shoe from Salomon. They are low lying for great stability and have Salomon's 3D chassis to give you absolute control over your own destiny. The GORE-TEX XCR membrane will keep your foot absolutely dry when you splash through puddles and the Sensifit and Quickfit systems will ensure that the shoe stays securely on your foot. The protective heel cup will stop your foot from sliding around or getting banged up and the mud guard will help to keep you dry even as the muck comes up past your ankles.

The Resort Rider is a casual thong that looks as good as it fits. Featuring a sleek, low-profile silhouette with a breathable, adjustable upper, the Resort encompasses a sporty, yet comfort casual style. The insole utilizes Rider's ArchFit technology for ultimate stability and support. This flip-flop feels like a spa vacation for your feet. Insole treated with Ultra-Fresh DM-50. Ultra-Fresh is an antimicrobial treatment that inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold and mildew that cause odor and stains.

With the Quarry from Franco Sarto, you've struck gold. The classic espadrille design was unearthed, then reclaimed, with a sexy ankle strap, soft suede, and a sky-high platform wedge, but, thanks to the padded insole, you won't get the shaft!

clint sand suede 110

A stable trainer

Q

Youll be ready for that close-up donning these classic loafers from Kenneth Cole. Constructed in fine leather, the Press Photo features a modern squared toe and a refined combination leather and rubber outsole. A single decorative band across the vamp adds a dash of unique style to these ageless slip-ons.	Sleek strap distinguishes a square-toe loafer in smooth, shiny leather.Leather upper and lining.  Leather and rubber sole.

Take a few steps back in time in this sporty shoe. Suede or leather upper provides durability with a classic retro look. A well-cushioned Encap midsole provides stability and shock reduction with a traction rubber outsole.

This shoe is designed with speed and control in mind. Lightweight microfiber synthetic leather upper, heel through eyestay is molded, adding stability and support, securing the foot without hindering motion. Wrapped midsole reinforced with internal shank offers responsive arch support. Base of outsole is slightly wider in forefoot providing exceptional traction. Wt. 14.2 oz.

coyl black paris 110

Relaxed lifestyle footwear for the beach and beyond by Speedo - #1 swim brand worldwide! This is a super comfortable slide sandal with a seaweed message footbed sure to make your foot say "ahhhh"!  Great athletic styling suitable for all day wear. Great as a shower shoe as well!

Show people what youre all about in this graceful, elegant loafer. Side lacing, tassels, and a tapered, squared-off toe create a flattering day or evening look. The Grayson also features the Allen Edmonds signature full leather lining for superior fit and comfort.	Suit yourself in comfort and confidence in the Grayson moccasin from Allen Edmonds. This handsome moc-toe slip-on boasts sleek side lacing and twin tassels. The highest-grade calfskin leather upper is carefully crafted by hand to avoid any imperfections. Shankless construction eliminates the need for a break-in period and ensures a comfortable fit, right from the start. The contoured last, designed to mimic men's feet, creates the perfect fit. The full leather lining is soft and breathable, and the premium leather sole flexes naturally with the foot for lasting comfort. 360 welt construction binds the upper, insole, and sole all the way around the shoe for extraordinary durability, flexibility, and comfort.

Now you can take care of your feet without sacrificing style in this handsome, versatile and seriously comfortable lace-up Oxford from Aetrex. Loaded with safety features, the Conform was designed specially for people with diabetes and others with foot conditions or general foot discomfort. The shoe is equipped with multiple removable insoles for custom fit and flexibility, a hidden depth rocker sole that increases stability, an internal heel counter for arch support, and a high toe box that provides enough room in the forefoot area so that there is less friction against the toes. Extra padding around the collar offers added protection, while the grippy rubber sole delivers excellent traction.	Rest assured with the Lace Conform Oxford from Apex. Part of the Ambulator Conform collection, this lightweight walking shoe has a full grain leather upper with a lace-up front closure. The Plastazote foam lining molds to the foot for a customized fit that offers protection to those with diabetes, arthritis, and forefoot disorders such as bunions and hammer toes. A hidden-depth rocker sole accommodates orthotics and provides stability by allowing for a natural stride, while a removable comfort orthotic can be customized to reduce pressure on areas that experience the most discomfort.

Aetrex adds depth and stability to this comfort-enhanced walker Technologically advanced leather, polyurethane and moisture-transferring polyester create a cool, healthy and supportive athletic walker. Two removable insoles, the Aetrex Orthotic and PRS Insole allow you to customize your fit for added depth and comfort. The patented, removable Aetrex Orthotic absorbs shock and provides cushioning from heel to toe. The unique PRS (Pressure Relief System) insole allows you customize the fit by trimming it at the areas of pressure or removing it completely for added depth. The visible medial post and straight last construction help correct pronation. Heat moldable EVA insole unloads stress at the ball of the foot. Wrap around external heel counter adds stability. Anti-slip rubber outsole. Leather upper with moisture transferring mesh lining keeps feet cool and comfortable. Order by men's shoe size, width and color above.

When one of the world's leading manufacturers of technical mountaineering shoes comes out with something as catchy as the Asolo OM3400 508 Men's Tundra Black Fugitive GTX Hiking Boot, it's wise to slow down and take a look. Your feet will be happy you did.At a mere three pounds per pair, the Asolo OM3400 508 Men's Tundra Black Fugitive GTX Hiking Boot is light and nimble, reducing fatigue one stride at a time. Asolo puts a lot of time and money into research and field testing, so expect effective remedies to common footwear problems like pronation (when the foot rolls inward when walking), supination (outward rolling) and excessive torsion (twisting of the sole). In fact, forget you ever learned those definitions. The Asolo OM3400 508 Men's Tundra Black Fugitive GTX Hiking Boot makes them a thing of the past.Technical features of the Asolo OM3400 508 Men's Tundra Black Fugitive GTX Hiking Boot include things like a suede low-profile Cordura upper for solid ankle support, a Gore-Tex lining that kicks water to the curb and an ultra-secure lacing system to reduce heel lift. The innovative Duo Asoflex footbed combines stiffness and padding for a custom blend of shock absorption and foot support. To top it off, a rugged Energy outsole offers the slip-free traction serious outdoorsmen demand.And that's all to say nothing of the Asolo OM3400 508 Men's Wool Black Fugitive GTX Hiking Boot's stunning good looks - but, well, you can see that for yourself.OM3400 508

Soft, supple suede leather moccasin with colorful, beaded Indian Thunderbird design sewn across the toe accented by whip-stitching detail. This Minnetonka classic has a decorative layer of fringe topped off with a thin leather bow and wrap around laces for a custom fit. Slip-on ease with a fully padded insole for comfort and a crepe outer sole for durability.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."

fiestey black leather 90

Hush Puppies invented casual. They apply their philosophy of fun, comfortable, genuine style to every shoe they make - from work to weekend. In 1958, when they first introduced the soft suede Hush Puppies shoe, something amazing happened; the world discovered casual, comfortable style-- and that style has been a favorite ever since. Because they combine advanced comfort technology with fun, contemporary styling, Hush Puppies fit perfectly into everyday life. So it's no wonder Hush Puppies have become a worldwide favorite. With a full line of footwear, apparel, and accessories for the whole family. Hush Puppies can be seen on the feet of celebrities, in movies, and in 80 countries around the globe.

Genuine Leather with adjustable straps. Non-Skid, Non-Marking Sole. Great Casual/Athletic Sneaker.

Italian leather. Roomy interior main compartment. Padded outside zippered compartment. Magnetic quick access back pocket. Carry handle and adjustable straps.

This children's tan distressed western boot from Old West is constructed with an all leather upper and man-made lining. The side seams are taped on the inside for added comfort. It has a cement rubber composition outsole for long-lasting wear.

Women's responsive stability trainer for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and stability.

Your Choice of Dr. Martens Dress Shoes with patented Air Wair outsole for comfort. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Spiffy enough for dress, semi-dress, or for casual wear! Famous Dr. Martens offer extreme comfort and sharp looks so you'll always show your best. Seems a discontinued style spells bucks off! Choose from 2 dynamite styles! Both feature

4 Inch Open Toe Strappy Sandal

Built to meet the demands of on and off road running. Synthetic leather/ mesh upper, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, midfoot Trusstic System for midfoot support on uneven surfaces, DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, rubber studded outsole for durability and traction. Wt. 10.5 oz.

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	For neutral-to-slight pronators, the Brooks Radius 06 running shoe really measures up. Highly ventilated air mesh upper adds breathability. HydroFlow cushioning in the heel and forefoot absorbs shock, stabilizes the foot and returns energy back to the foot. S-257 midsole provides energy return and cushioning, Engineered Cush-Pod midsole/outsole configuration sets the foot in efficient, balanced position from heel strike to toe-off, S-257 Cushsole offers cushioning and flexibility. DRB Accel high-density compound under midfoot provides support and torsional stability for smooth heel-to-toe transition. HPR Plus sponge rubber forefoot. Wt. 9.7 oz.

You'll be at ease for sure when you're wearing the Acadia Uniform Boot from Danner. Featuring Danner's infamous stitch-down construction, the Acadia offers the utmost support with a high ankle and lace-up closure. The stable underfoot platform provides traction and support while the plain toe meets almost any uniform requirements you need.	Certified steel toes, 200- gram Thinsulate or 400- gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation, waterproof GORE- TEX and a combination of Cordura nylon and full- grain leather make the Acadia the perfect duty boot for mild climates.

Made for Wide Feet, the Dominator 5 Mega Lorica is tougher than leather. Durable, water-repellent, and highly abrasion resistant. It's no surprise that it's Sidi's most popular mountain shoe. Competition Sole. Soft Arch Compression Strap. Ultra SL Buckel. High Security VELCRO. Padded tongue w/ fit relievers. Molded Plastic Heel Cup. Toe Spike Compatible.

Full Grain Leather Vamp, Action Leather Upper, Pigskin Leather Collar, Steel Shank, Gusseted Tongue, Slip Resistant Sole, Rust Proof Hardware, Speed Laces, Moisture Wicking Lining, Ht 8

These classic sneakers from Adidas have a green snake skin texture and three white stripes on the side. These sneakers will have you looking like a million bucks.

iglou black suede 100

Go about your business with confidence and sangfroid in the easy comfort and handsome appeal of the MacNeil Wingtip Oxford. These formal lace-ups from Allen Edmonds feature the timeless wingtip perforation design, a full leather lining, and a double oak leather outsole for a custom-like fit.	Extended wingtip perforation on this striking blucher is sure to catch your eye. Not only is this shoe fashionable, but it has one of the best fits of any Allen Edmonds style. Details

Is it a sneaker or a boat shoe? The answer is EZits both! Polo by Ralph Laurens Sander sneaker features a textile upper and rubber lug sole that are perfect for rough play, while a traditional design with a lace-up topline and moc-toe seaming bring the looks. A thick hook-and-loop strap allows for quick and easy dressing, which is especially crucial on those busy school-day mornings.	Child's Polo Bal Harbour Repeat

17in. legging boot is made of heavy-duty handplied rubber with fabric lining. Features bar-tread outsole, top strap and buckle. Fits mens size 10. Color

Full-grain and synthetic leather upper adds comfort and durability. Fiberglass reinforced Nylon-G shank. Non-slip lining provides comfort and performance, EVA sockliner. Injected Pebax plate with fixed metal cleats. Wt. 15.6 oz.

Unique "T" shaped handle allows the wrist to remain in a neutral position while putting on shoes. Eliminates the need for rotating the wrist. Ideal for people with arthritis, limited wrist movement, or any other hand limitation. 19.5" length also makes it useful for people who have trouble bending.

Rocky 10" BlizzardStalker Boots. Tromp through snow and cold in complete comfort! Step into these super-warm, winter-tough Stompers! Brave bitter-cold temps and ice-cold gusts to bag that perfect buck... these 1,200-gram Boots are stocked with Thinsulate Ultra insulation so you know they're ready to roll. On top of that, you get guaranteed Rocky waterproof construction so moisture can't sneak in. Snow pros

You're going to love the adidas +50.7 Tunit men's soccer shoes. They're like Transformers for your feet. To put it in perspective, a car is simply that; a car. A Transformer, however, is more than meets the eye, changing into a robot to take on whatever is thrown at it (thanks, Elias). In this way, the adidas +50.7 Tunit men's soccer shoes can be transformed to take on whatever the game calls for. Customize the adidas +50.7 Tunit men's soccer shoes to take on changing weather, field surfaces, or simply whatever color fits your mood.We're sure you understand, but we have to remind you that the adidas +50.7 Tunit men's soccer shoes are shoes; very versatile, incredible shoes, but shoes nonetheless. They won't turn into robots and score that last minute goal or torpedo the other team into the stratosphere. You have to do that yourself, and since you are packing the adidas +50.7 Tunit men's soccer shoes, you at least have the shoes for it. The skills are all on your side of the table.

duke black paris 65

Vivanz offers unbelievable comfort in casual styles that are perfect day to night.	Elegant and sophisticated, with a fun, flirty style, the Lace from Vivanz is a fashionable thong you'll want to wear all summer long. Featuring a laid back, feminine design, the Lace dresses up casual outfits and adds a polished look to more dressy looks.

duke black paris 60

The same attention to detail that goes into the Par Aide ball washers also goes into their spike and shoe cleaners.Bristles made from the toughest nylon fiber available to prevent them from matting down.Base is made of black anodized cast aluminum, so there's no paint to chip.Base brush available with traditional nylon bristles, or crimped bristles that are softer and denser to clean alternative spikes. Both styles fully interchangeable.More important than ever for on-course use with popularity of alternative-spike shoes.

For over eighty-five years, Stride Rite has been designing and engineering footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With over 85 years of experience, we've learned a few things about our craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.	An update of our classic Fisherman sandal, the Stride Rite Angler has a new crosshatch design that is dressy enough to wear for big days and so comfy he's going to want to wear them every day! This kids' sandal has plenty of traction and support for all his outdoor adventures. Send him off on summertime adventures in the Stride Rite Angler!

hether white leather 90

****White/Royal/White and White/Red/White will not be available to ship until 2/4/05**** Wrap your foot in a snug, comfortable HUG. The laceless HUG System locks your foot into a zone of supreme comfort, security and control. With the flip of the adjustable heel lever, you can dial in your perfect fit. Dial up for a tighter fit or dial down for a looser fit. Full-grain leather upper with air-mesh bootie and ventilated heel counter. CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE insert adds lightweight cushioning. Multi-directional herringbone outsole. Wt. 20.2 oz.

The boys' Tie Spy oxford from Kenneth Cole is a modern dress shoe that's casual and cool. It features a box toe for more foot room, and a padded collar for extra comfort.	Help them tie their style together with this dapper casual oxford from Reaction by Kenneth Cole.  Smooth leather upper in a casual oxford style, with a squared toe, modified stitched and seamed apron style front detail, tonal stitching and heel overlay and seaming accents and four eyelet lace up front with a lightly padded tongue and collar.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned insole and lightweight midsole.  Lug style traction patterned outsole, with a 1inch heel.

The Tommy Hilfiger brand has become a symbol of the all-American spirit and continues to be regarded as one of the most recognized global lifestyle brands. The Tommy Hilfiger Footwear collection is fun, glamorous and designed to recharge your wardrobe. Stay a step ahead in great spirited colors and luxurious fabrics with Tommy Hilfiger footwear.	The Tommy Hilfiger brand has become a symbol of the all-American spirit and continues to be regarded as one of the most recognized global lifestyle brands. The Tommy Hilfiger Footwear collection is fun, glamorous and designed to recharge your wardrobe. Stay a step ahead in great spirited colors and luxurious fabrics with Tommy Hilfiger footwear.

Carry the spirit of the forest with you in this boot from Minnetonka. The high, fringed shaft offers layers of texture, while lacing creates an adjustable fit. A grippy outsole offers traction and protection so you can wander off the beaten path.	Minnetonka Moccasins Front Lace Boots... tall on style and comfort! Sometimes you want to make a statement. These Boots are just the ticket... over 16" tall! And check out the features

Drive a wedge of comfort between your feet and the floor with these Wolverine DuraShocks Wedge-Heel Boots. The most comfortable pair of boots you'll ever own! That's no blarney, either. If you spend time on your feet, comfort isn't an option, it's a necessity. These babies fill the bill and then some. Tried and true DuraShocks comfort technology cushions every step and returns energy as you walk, reducing fatigue.and making a long day seem a bit shorter. Details

Slip on comfort and style with the Puma Contre Slip-On, featuring smooth garment leather upper with reflective detailing. Internal molded PU midsole with arch stabilizer plate. Solid rubber outsole.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 85

jumpp bon/bge fabric 80

Clean and classic styling combined with quality construction

The original Chukka by Justin built from durable oil-tanned grain leather with leather laces and round toe.

Your feet will never know the meaning of discomfort again with the Tex Moc slipper from Acorn. This beautiful indoor/outdoor slipper features a washable Thermal Pro lightweight upper, a memory foam insole and weatherproof skid resistant outsole. All of this in one little slipper. The Tex Moc has all of the bells and whistles you are looking for!	The Acorn Tex Moc Women is a Acorn original in richly textured fabrics with a soft fleece lining that wicks away moisture. This women's slipper features Lofty Acorn memory foam midsole over a comfot cushion layer of featherweight EVA to guarantee total comfort and therapy for feet. The enhanced raised heel and arch gives this Acorn slipper more stability and support and lasting comfort. The suede leather sidewall of this women's sandal provides durability and added style. Slip into the classic Acorn Tex Moc Women for cozy feet this winter.

Golden brown 54'' rawhide lace. Rack item. Blister pack.

Georgia Boot Woo Daves Sandals are a must for anglers like you. On dock or deck, these Sandals keep you on your feet and off your rear, thanks to outsoles with unbelievable traction, and there are 3 adjustable straps for a foot-hugging fit. Plus they're priced under retail! Catch of the day

Don't let its good looks fool you. This specially designed lace-up Oxford from Aetrex is packed full of features designed to prevent injury, relieve pain, and enhance comfort. The Bio is crafted from a soft, supple leather that reduces rubbing and equipped with a high toe box for plenty of wiggle room, a deep heel cup to help stabilize the foot, and a slightly flared polyurethane outsole for better support and shock absorbency.	The Apex Men's Ambulator Classic Oxford is a dress shoe that takes the pressure off problem areas with every step. Don't let diabetes, arthritis, bunions, hammertoes or general foot discomfort slow you down. The removable polyurethane insole, with a deep heel cup, molds to your foot, gently reducing pressure points. Soft leather uppers help reduce rubbing, while the firm, high toe-box accommodates problem feet. For added depth and fitting flexibility, the insole layers can be removed. The flared rocker polyurethane outsole improves foot stability, reduces ball-of-foot stress and absorbs shock. This classic oxford laces up for a great-looking shoe that feels great too.

For the latest in fashion and function, check out the Bandolino line of footwear. With its perfect pairing of quality and style, Bandolino serves your desire for fashion with versatility. This brand embraces a modern design aesthetic that features built-in function and wearability, while delivering a fashion-forward product that is infused with style and color, all at an affordable price.

Made to move, the Play Zone from Stride Rite is packed with comfort features for active kids, including a breathable mesh upper to keep feet cool and dry and a compression-molded EVA midsole to cushion and support growing feet. Enhanced with the ultra-comfortable natural motion system, the Play Zone mimics barefoot walking and gives babies the flexible stride path and natural propulsion they need to grow into strong walkers. A protective toe wrap adds a scuff-proof durability to this lace-up shoe.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany.   About Dr. Martens By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	MATERIAL UPDATES COLLECTION	Part of the Classic collection which is recognised worldwide for uncompromising looks, durability and comfort	10 Eyelet 1490 Boot	Smooth is the classic Dr. Martens leather durable, with a smooth finish	Made with Goodyear welt, the upper and sole are heat sealed and sewn together		FEATURES	GOODYEAR WELTED	This is a Goodyear welted product. The upper and sole are sewn together, not merely glued, like many footwear constructions. This, together with our Z welt stitch and heat sealing process, makes it unique to Dr. Martens.	DMC SOLE	The original Dr. Martens air cushioned sole, providing underfoot comfort and durability since 1960. It is oil and fat resistant, tough and offers good abrasion and slip resistance. SMOOTH Classic Dr. Martens leather

Timberland Men's 6 in. Basic Boots II.

Premium work western comfort... Justin Lacers and Pull-ons. SAVE BIG! Look what just strolled into Dodge City. Justin comfort is riding high. Offered in a choice of steel or plain toe. Wear 'em to work, out doing chores or just to get things done around the homestead. Your feet will thank you, and you'll never have to give up sharp, western looks. Premium, full-grain leather uppers for durability; Dual-density rubber and EVA outsole absorbs impact and provides long-lasting grip; Gel cushion heel provides extra shock-absorbing comfort; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Steel shank and PVC midsole for stability; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Unlined for cool breathability; Rear pull-on loops. Steel toe. Approx. 29 ozs. each. State Width

Boys ADIDAS Bracara 2 TRX TF Cleats The Adidas Bracara 2 TRX TF is a turf shoe with a proven reliable design that has contemporary materials and features.

10176400042 Features

Launched as slipper sox in 1972, these classic comforts immediately became a staple fashion item. Over the years, MUK LUKS has remained on trend, and now boasts the strongest, most comprehensive line ever. Bold patterns, bright colors, and total comfort define todays MUK LUKS--a contemporary cousin of the original.	Comforatable slippers with wool knit and leather sole

Klub Nico is a brand of Ipanema, Inc. a Northern California-based company founded by Kelley A. Lehner in 2003. All Klub Nico footwear is manufactured in the south of Brazil using a combination of traditional craftsmanship and the latest technology in shoe	Klub Nico is a brand of Ipanema, Inc. a Northern California-based company founded by Kelley A. Lehner in 2003. All Klub Nico footwear is manufactured in the south of Brazil using a combination of traditional craftsmanship and the latest technology in shoe making. Their mission is to provide quality, unique shoes suitable for the modern fashionable women.

Steel Toe ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 Rated Electrical Hazard Rated Full Grain Leather Upper Full Cushion Fabric and Leather Insole Wave mesh Lining PU Midsole DuraShocks TPU Outsole Opanka Construction Sizes Manufactured

Stride Rite takes the athletic-inspired leisure shoe and scales it down-way down-to fit the toddler in your life. This lace-up sneaker has a suede upper for a comfortable and flexible fit. A rubber outsole adds durability, making sure it can hold up to all of the hard wear a young one musters. The sneakers also feature Dri-lex lining for moisture wicking, so their feet will stay dry.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Men's/Unisex Boots*REVOLVER-I, 17 Eyelets 3 zipper S/T Blk BootAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.This style comes in mens size. The size difference between men and women is 2, so if you want women size 8, you should choose size 6 here.

The ergonomic hobo is given a super sleek profile and contrasting color palette with distinctive round wooden hardware to generate a chic look like no other. It has all the right details to give you a functional bag that makes quite a statement. It has a chocolate brown pebble grain leather like exterior and ivory colored contrasting accents. It comes with a dual magnetic button closure and a zipper pouch, an open pouch plus cell phone holder on the inside walls. The interior is fully lined with black fabric. The main compartment measures approximately 7" in height, 13" in length and 2.5" in width. The shoulder strap has an 8" drop.

The Fila F-13 men's retro shoes are about as classic as you can get. They follow that original 1987 Fila F-13 blueprint to the letter -- the adjustable ankle strap, the inlay flag logo, the padded collar and outsole pivot points. The Fila F-13's minimalist color scheme hasn't been updated to comply with modern trends, because it doesn't need to be. The classic modest sensibility of the Fila F-13's original style is completely timeless and nearly universally adaptable.These versatile old-school legends will soon become your favorite shoes, the perfect choice to strap on for any casual or light athletic use. The Fila F-13's flexible lightweight cushioning, secure customizable fit and ankle support make it a hard habit to break, and considering they're practically guaranteed to never go out of style, you won't have to worry about weaning yourself off them. Why do you think people have been wearing these things since 1987?

205100BLG075 Features

Penny Loves Kenny shoes combine an adventurous sense of style with eye-popping colors and fresh silhouettes. Inspired by the hottest design elements of the high-end fashion world, Penny Loves Kenny understands that a true fashionista has fun and owns a personal style. Dare to be different with these unique High Noon boots! These western style, pull-on boots feature brown leather uppers with quilted style stitch detailing, finished with a pointed toe.  Approx. 2" heel, 13" calf circumference, and 12" shaft height.  Also available in black, while supplies last!  Style Name

A versatile men's athletic cross trainer that hits the gym, the track, or the court.  Leather upper.  Padded tongue and collar.  Cloth lined interior.  Traction rubber outsole

Holds the boot upright to help prevent cracking and creasing, ideal cleaning aid, automatic width adjustment.

When speed is your thing, slip into these cushioning runners from Adidas. Lightweight, breathable mesh upper, full lace up front, padded tongue and collar and cushioned removable insole. A3 lightweight, flexible unstoppable cushioning technology for supportive bounce and durable adiWear outsole with flex grooves. These white, silver and green are for you.

Streamlined and durable for week after week of high mileage running, this classic training shoe has it all. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. SpEVA(TM) midsole enhances bounce back during the propulsion phase, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems, ASICS Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) offers a more natural foot motion, internal DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike.   Wt. 10.5 oz.

The Dockers brand is the quintessential source for casual, authentic and stylish apparel and footwear. The brand continues to expand its offerings to provide men and women with clothes and accessories that offer versatility for an on-the-go lifestyle. Dockers khakis were first introduced in 1986 as the casual alternative to jeans and dress pants. The line has since expanded from men's casual pants to a broad range of apparel and accessories for men and women in more than 50 countries in every region of the world.	Featuring a smooth leather upper with 360-degree lacing, the spirit of the boat shoe is alive and well in the Castaway from Docker's. A highly flexible rubber outsole lends grip while the contrast stitching on the moc-toe adds a touch of pop.

A lightweight performance shoe! Non-marking, gum rubber outsole, EVA midsole with PU forefoot insert and ShockEraser heel insert, molded Titanium reinforced midfoot shank, removable EVA sockliner with padded EVA forefoot and heel inserts, plus Anti-Bacterial treatment, secured cord lacing system, padded Achilles insert, medial drag abrasion protection, breathable synthetic leather upper, slip lasted constructionSecured cord lacing system

Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes ar	The Eastport boat shoe features classic, tailored good looks and rich leather construction. Rawhide lacing, a siped rubber sole, and a full leather lining for real comfort under any conditions.

Vents in the side of the midsole create a cyclone of cool air around your foot. That and the sock-like fit of it's dual layer mesh upper make it the most comfy adidas ClimaCool running shoe ever. ClimaCool upper provides 360 degree cooling for the entire foot. GeoFit construction adds anatomical fit and comfort. adiPRENE insert gives comfort and shock absorption. ClimaCool chassis for best ventilation and midfoot support. Torsion System offers midfoot integrity. adiWEAR outsole provides best durability in high wear areas. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Skate with a side of style. The Etnies Cinch skate shoe features a durable action leather upper with elastic tongue-centering straps for stability. STI Foam Level 1 cushioning footbed absorbs shock. 400 NBS rubber outsole delivers traction and board control. Padded tongue and collar add comfort. ****This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.****

The Europedica Women's 5250 Indoor & Outdoor Slipper blend old world craftsmanship with new world expectations for comfort, versatility and color. Breathable nubuck upper provides toes plenty of wiggle room.

The Rockport Women's Sandy Sneaker is an athletic, sporty walker. The DMX Max air cushioned technology provides long lasting cushioning. The Strobel construction provides the forefoot with plenty of flexibility to aid in the walking motion.      About Rockport Rockport, founded in 1971, is the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes. Rockport pioneered the relationship between performance and style that today's consumers have come to expect.  We've run the New York City Marathon, climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro, and sailed around the world to show our consumers our enduring commitment to continued innovation.	Cruise around town in stylish comfort with the Rockport Sandy sneaker.  Strobel (R) construction leather upper in a casual oxford sneaker style with a round toe. Canvas loop lacing, a padded collar and tongue and dual canvas pull tabs offer comfortable, easy fit.  Textile lining and removable cushioning EVA insole, DMXMax (R) air cushioning midsole.  Durable rubber traction outsole.  1 1/4 inch heel.Seal of approval by the American Podiatric Association.

The trail shoe that gets it done. The Puma men's Darby Trail Racer is a men's cross training and trail shoe with a ripstop and synthetic leather upper for lasting durability. CMEVA midsole features heel idCELL for cushioning and shock absorption. Lugged EverTrack rubber outsole provides enhanced traction and grip.

Spruce up your weekend wardrobe with this rugged oxford from Rockport. The Northfield features a leather upper with a metal lace-up for a secure fit. The real draw of the Northfield is the thick, treaded sole, which delivers traction and comfort in equal measure.	The office-ready Rockport Northfield oxford is a high-performance style that fearlessly takes on a range of seasonal weather conditions. Part of the Rockport Main Route collection, this classically styled, easy-care men's dress shoe has a waterproof full grain leather upper and Hydro-ShieldTM waterproofing to keep you dry. Inside, the polyurethane Kinetic Air CirculatorTM footbed uses a patented active-air design for lasting comfort. The Rockport Northfield professional oxford is finished with a durable, rubberized EVA sole to absorb shock for enhanced energy return.

For the elite athlete who wants a super lightweight, extremely flexible shoe with support in the necessary places. Super light, soft and breathable mesh supported by injection molded side support stripes, padded tongue, wrap-a-round rubber on medial toe cap, and elasticized lace cover system. Special sockliner for moisture management and comfort. Die-cut EVA midsole. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 10.0 oz.

The New Balance 995 football shoe is a lightweight and supportive lo-top speed football turf shoe built for the fastest players on the field. Color

13" Black Cow Upper, Black Full Quill Ostrich Vamp, Medium Round Toe, Single Stitched Ash Welt With Black Welt Stitch, Western Heel, Cushion Comfort Insole, Black Leather 3/4 Welt Outsole, Handcrafted In The Usa

The Propet Pedic Walker sandal will ensure that your feet are ultra-comfortable--and that you look great. It features a leather upper with dual hook-and-loop straps, a closed back, and an open toe. It's engineered for superior comfort, with an extra-volume construction for a relaxed fit and a padded collar. An extended heel counter provides all-day support, while the removable Poliyou air insole provides cushioning, along with moisture- and odor-absorption. The EVA orthotic is removable for customization, but fastens with hook-and-loop tape for stable wear.	Women's Propet Pedic Walkers. Comfortable and breathable like a sandal, supportive and stylish like a shoe! The best of both worlds meet to beat the summer heat! It's mostly sandal, with a hint of shoe in just the right places. Featuring an easygoing style with breezy breathability in spades, with support at the back of the heel. A "step" above sandals, perfect with a summer skirt or sundress, and here for LESS! Take a peek

The New Balance 907 all-terrain running shoe is a technical off-road model designed for the rugged runner. Colors

Handcrafted in Italy since 1962, Sensi Sandals are ideal at the beach, spa, pool, or after sports. All Sensi sandals use a unique patented footbed for excellent drainage. Perforations in the footbed allow water and sand to flow through and be pumped out of side ports as you walk, allowing cooling air to flow underfoot. Choose between two styles of cushioned footbed

coyl black paris 55

coyl black paris 50

Proper training is critical to success, and proper gear is critical for a successful training. If you take the game seriously, then the Reebok Bulldodge TurfLacrosse cleats are just what you were looking for. This pair of shoes features

Soft, full-grain leather upper with raised embroidered I3 logo provides comfort and support, molded EVA sockliner and molded midsole add cushioning, rubber outsole with herringbone pattern offers traction and durability. Wt. 14.3 oz.

This sweet and tangy Berry from Bandolino is a thoroughly delicious treat. It has a sugary, demure kitten heel, but look out for the sleek shape and pointed toe

Water resistant sheepskin upper with sheepskin lining

Rhino Red sets out to deconstruct the concept of the American Dream. Born from a dream and nurtured into the spirit of creativity and rebellion, Rhino Red celebrates the American Dream while critiquing the conventional methods of attaining them. Rhino Red footwear is a testament to the times in which we live where hip-hop meets rock and fashion meets the street.

Add some zest to any attire with this simple yet elegant womens huarachec losed toe sandal. The Softspots Tatianna is perfect with capris, khakis or peasant skirts and channels the spirit and style of the season. The Softspots Tatianna features a Pillowtop comfort footbed so wearing these stylish sandals all day will be a breeze.

Whether you're trudging through your daily routine in wet conditions or enjoying an afternoon with the kids stomping around in the mud, this sleek boot from Hunter will keep your feet dry and protected. Its full rubber construction is lightweight, flexible, and easy to clean, while its sponge insole and treaded outsole offer comfy, sure footing.	Legendary for comfort and fit. A general use boot, perfect for everything from shopping to walking the dog. Its design has won it iconic status and made it a must have fashion statement.

Simple, elegant and classic, the versatile Mary Jane-style Driven Pump from Naturalizer is bound to become a favorite from the moment you slip it on. The comfy leather design features a softly pointed toe for a feminine look and a narrow, buckled instep strap that lets you adjust to a snug, secure fit each time. The polished patent underlay accents at the heel and side lend a dressy touch, while the shoe's mid-high, tapered heel gives it a flattering yet still manageable lift for wearing stylishly with your favorite work-to-weekend ensembles.	Create your signature modern look with the Naturalizer Driven. This women's dress shoes features a leather or suede upper in a versatile mary jane style. The N5 Comfort System offers cushioned ease, while a durable synthetic sole delivers long-lasting wear and reliable traction to the Naturalizer Driven high-heeled shoe.

Wherever you're headed, hit the scene in style in these casual Skechers sneaks. The Skechers Bedrocks is a men's casual leather and mesh shoe with a lace-up design for a clean, personalized fit. Durable rubber outsole adds shock absorption and traction. Padded footbed supplies increased comfort.

Bruce Makowsky is not a newcomer to the industry by any means. He ran his own handbag company and was president of a major corporation where he developed the company into a $200 million business along with the design inspiration of his wife Kathy (of Kathy Van Zeeland fame). B. Makowsky handbags are defined by a signature leather tassel in addition to chunky satin-finished hardware and signature paisley lining. Zippers and pockets create function without bulk. Colors include simple blacks, browns and ivory with pops of fresh colors such as red, denim, saffron and tangerine.

Sunset Boulevard	Stipple quilted lemony-lime and pink floral hues on a pale pink background call out the fun palm trees and architectural elements of many popular Californian destinations. This all occasion design is completed with the signature Donna Sharp lining and features extensive detailing, useful pockets, closures and straps. Sophisticated - yet subtle enough to mix with your favorite everyday look!!		What makes Quilts By Donna Sharp so special ? 	Beautiful designs, quality handcrafting and attention to detail are our trademarks. A Kentucky native and 5th generation quilter, Donna Sharp selects her own fabrics and applies her unique gift for color and design to this traditional American art form making each quilt, handbag and accessory a stunning success. Our quilts feature twice the normal stitch rate of hand-quilted pieces, adding strength, beauty and value to each item. Superior quality fabrics showcase unique colors and textures blending traditional favorites with innovative styles. From small piecing to intricately detailed borders and reversible backing, Donna's gift for design is evident every step of the way. Donna Sharp quilts and quilted items are true heirloom quality from start to finish.		Jenna Bag	Measures 13 x 9 x 4	Zippered closure on top	1 large outside compartment with zippered closure	Long shoulder strap included	1 inside pouch

CL by Chinese Laundry is another Cels value-based brand, priced for the discriminating customer who's looking for the hottest trends now. With CL by Chinese Laundry, she's got access to a world of fresh, trendy shoes to wear with her most recent purchase. While definitely dress-oriented, CL by Chinese Laundry also introduces a bit of street-smart, casual attitude into its distinctive fashion mix. CL by Chinese Laundry appeals to the customer who's unabashedly edgy and young in spirit. She's got her own sense of style and her own unique scene--as well as her own keen eye for what makes a standout statement. For her, CL by Chinese Laundry is a great way to take risks without straining her budget. Who said current has to cost a lot?

Classic styling makes this tote great for anyone and anything.

5 inch Heel Clear Sandal Women's Size Shoe.

The adidas T-MAC Slide has a synthetic leather upper with a Velcro adjustable closure. An anatomically molded leather footbed provides extra comfort, adiPRENE in heel. Molded EVA outsole. Wt. 8.4 oz.

Durable nylon mesh and synthetic leather upper in asymmetrical design to protect ankle at take off, LightStrike EVA midsole, TPU spike plate. Wt. 11.7 oz.

For the neutral runner looking for a great ride. Breathable sandwich mesh upper with supple Teijin reinforcements, California slip-lasted, compression-molded EVA midsole with large volume visible GEL in heel and forefoot, midfoot Trusstic System, multi-piece DuraSponge outsole with solid AHAR heel plug.

4.5 inch Heel Clear Mule Women's Size Shoe.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The Steve Madden Majic shoes feature a textile upper with a peep toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China .

The classic shape in mens travel accessories, now two inches longer to expand its capacity.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Columbia Bugabootoo Winter Boots... 200-gram Thinsulate Insulation for -25 Degree F! These Boots have set the original standard since 1993! Make sure your feet are warm on those cold days that can fool you! These are tried and true Boots and you can count on them when the mercury starts it's yearly plunge. Trusty Trompers

Whether you're tracking or sitting in the blind, LaCrosse's Insul Pac boot will keep you on target. Staying warm and dry means staying focused, which is why this tall boot is perfect hunting and birding gear. Its full rubber construction, with a wool insole and laced shaft designed to keep the heat in, is impervious to bad weather, delivering comfort even in adverse conditions. A special ankle design reduces slippage for a better fit and a chevron-striped outsole grips the terrain.	Men's LaCrosse 12" Insulated Pac Boot takes on wet, soggy terrain and stays warm and dry. A rugged, warm rubber Pac Boot! LaCrosse's 12" Insulated Pac Boots keep you dry with 100% ozone-resistant, scent-free premium rubber. They also have a wool felt midsole with polymeric foam insulated bottom to keep your feet warm and comfortable. More details

A new spin on the classic biker boot, the Engineer 15R Boot updates an old standard. This hip boot's upper showcases high-quality, full-grain leather from Frye Footwear. Adjustable buckles give you a custom fit, and a slip-resistant outsole provides great traction. Add this boot to your wardrobe and leave your distinct mark.	Our traditional Engineer Boot, with adjustable buckled straps across the vamp and atop the shaft, is popular with motorcyclists and fashion enthusiasts alike. Our Greasy leather is an American made, full grain, waxy leather crafted from genuine U.S. hides in wood drums.

Sleekly designed, without all the splashy details of most sneakers, the Upbeat from Hush Puppies is quietly clever. It features Bounce technology to reduce foot stress and promote energy, and it offers the patented Comfort Curve for flexibility in all the right places.	Walk this way... With Bounce technology, the energy produced while walking is distributed to put an extra "bounce" in your step. Breathable leather to maintain coolness and comfort while the removable footbed cushions your foot. Also featuring Comfort Curve technology.

cult 26011 bbk 6.5

As handsome as handsome can be and ultra-comfortable and perfect for all day wear, this leather Akron oxford from Bostonian will   polish off any looks in your business or special occasion wardrobes. It has all of the comfort you need to feel good thanks to the First-  flex technology.	Distinctive craftsmanship defines all Bostonian shoes, with a specialdash of style distinguishing the Bostonian Akron, a cap-toe of finepolished leather that's simply suitable for all occasions. This men's shoe features specially treated leather soles andsoft, supple leather uppers for the made-just-for-you feel of luxuryand incredible comfort. Traditional styling gives this Bostonian shoe the flexibility to go almost anywhere. Hit the office and special occasions in style and comfort with the Bostonian Akron!

An undisputed classic, first in sports, first in fashion. With canvas upper, cap toe and rubber sole. Imported.

Beautiful metallic pebble grain leather loafers. "Prada" is written on the back of the heels. Comfortable and chic. Classic Prada look.

Cowhide uppers, 8mm "memory foam" sock lining and indoor/outdoor rubber outsole.  Imported.  Item# 84205

Go from tide to turf and everywhere in between with Mion Flood Tide Hydro Shoes! SAVE BIG! Boating? Fishing? Swimming? Do it all in Mion Flood Tides! A true performance Shoe, built to go from land to water and back again without breaking a sweat. Patented design provides athletic-shoe support in a wet and wild hydro-shoe package! An incredibly lightweight, breathable alternative to sandals. Pick up your pair now for a low Close-Out price! EVA uppers wear for ages; Razor-cut, "Grip-Stick" rubber outsole ; Tough EVA midsole absorbs impact; Removable booties with mesh uppers can be worn on their own; Front and rear pull-on loops; Super-tough cord lacing with toggle lock. Approx 5"h., 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. "Water" you waiting for? Order Now! Men's Mion Flood Tide Hydro Shoes

Take a stroll in genuine style and comfort with the Kipling sandals from Ros Hommerson.Nubuck leather upper in a casual sandal style with a round, open toeCrisscross woven straps at the vampAdjustable ankle strap and gore panel ensures a great fitSmooth lining, cushioning insoleTraction outsole, 1 1/4 inch wedge heel

Winter just got less nasty with these Browning 400 gram Insulated Pac Boots. BIG BUCKS LESS! Welcome to the North Pole

AK Anne Klein offers an impressive footwear collection offering unparalleled variety in an extensive range of sizes, colors, and styles that give each shoe a unique style and character. AK Anne Klein footwear provides fashion, quality, and comfort at an affordable price point that's perfect for every modern woman's lifestyle.	The Anne Klein AK Dittrich shoes feature a leather upper with a pointed toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Men's Stacy Adams Black Dayton Wing-Tips. These classic wing-tip Oxfords are great for work or any classy occasion! Durable, genuine welt construction. Synthetic sole for traction and durability. 3 eye-let lace design for a comfortable fit. State Size. Medium width. Get yours today! Please Note

This casual features CUSH-N-EEZ comfort and a soft natural fit  "Pull-Up" leather upper  CUSH-N-EEZ Multi-Layer construction, featuring a removable FOOTONIC II insert and a shock-absorbing BLUE ENERGY insert  Microcellular cushioned midsole  Cambrelle vamp lining  Leather quarter lining  EVA-TECH cushion sole for shock absorption and stability  Flexible stitchdown construction  Hidden elastic gore  Padded collar

A quality traditional leather soccer shoe. Leather upper with "FILATECH" material cemented and riveted to outsole, soccer-stitched reinforced vamp area, traditional lacing system, foldover tongue. Lightweight polyurethane outsole with unique multi-directional stud design enhances comfort and provides traction when accelerating, cutting and changing direction.

The USA-made Mountain Light II hiking boot is legendary for its unmatched quality, durability and support. GORE-TEX lining provides waterproof protection. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole offers lightweight comfort as well as superb shock absorption and guarantees great traction and stability on both wet and dry surfaces. Danners famous stitchdown construction provides a wider platform for stability and the lace-to-toe system provides a secure fit.	The Riva Mesh hiking shoe from Teva keeps your foot cool and comfortable during your outdoor adventures. A perfect partnership of form and function, this shoe features a handsome full-grain nubuck upper with breathable mesh accents and top lacing. A cushy molded footbed offers support and a flexible Vibram rubber outsole provides traction, shock absorption and durability.

We just found your new go-to sandal. This Mephisto shoe has all the features you've come to expect

5" Heel Sequins Knee Boot, 5" Knee High Boots

Suede/nylon upper provides comfort, breathability and support, padded foam sockliner and sculpted EVA midsole offer lightweight cushioning, abrasive rubber outsole adds traction and durability.

#88801  Rule the Turf with the King Exec TT Boot from Puma!

The Calvary boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude, but delivers feminine style. This attractive, pull-on, western-style boot has a distressed, oiled leather upper, two pull tabs on each side of the shaft, an oil-resistant sole, and a cushioned insole for additional comfort.	With its stylish squared "snoot" toe, our classic Cavalry boot was first crafted by Frye in the late 1930s. The distinctive American design now features cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, stacked leather pitched heel with rubber heel lift and durable Goodyear welt construction.

sweater babyblue fabric 95

Streamlined and durable for week after week of high mileage running, this classic training shoe has it all. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. SpEVA(TM) midsole enhances bounce back during the propulsion phase, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems, ASICS Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) offers a more natural foot motion, internal DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 12.0 oz.

sweater babyblue fabric 90

An original shoe inspired by original athletes. Suede upper with classic 3-Stripes. The Campus 2 has a smooth leather upper with contrasting three stripe detailing, a padded collar and tongue, and three hook and loop Velcro closures for easy on/off accessibility. Additionally, the soft leather linings and cushioned insole work to keep them comfortable longer, while the textured rubber outsole will keep both feet on the ground with sturdiness and balance.	An adidas classic. The adidas Campus has been a staple of the adidas collection for over 30 years. This durable kids' version is presented in leather with fresh, new colors and a hard-wearing rubber outsole.

Protect your favorite footwear with this overshoe from Tingley. Its flexible rubber keeps the elements at bay, while the treaded outsole encourages steady footing.	Used in food processing, general industry, transportation, farming, and dairy. Made to stretch over bulky work shoes. Molded in rubber, button for secure closure. For use as an Overshoe only.  Ingredients

The new larger Vertical Microfiber Security Purse gives you more space for your travel essentials without sacrificing compactness It has the same great features that have always made it so popular with our customers  a slim attractive design roomy main compartment key holder back slot pocket two angled zippered pockets and a steel cable shoulder strap for an extra dose of security But now its just a tad larger to make it even easier to access the necessities Made of durable top quality microfiber its lightweight fashionable and will keep you traveling in style and security 10 x 8 x 2 11 oz

Surprise, surprise -- this well-equipped flip flop features a church key embedded in the bottom to open bottles, which can surely make you a few new friends at pool parties and barbecues. And, it's comfortable too, constructed with a quick-drying nubuck upper and contoured, compression-molded footbed with arch support. The under-heel airbag cushioning makes it comfortable to walk in all day long.	Features

Hand-sewn Italian bridle leather moccasin featuring Nike Air  technology. Full leather lining, lightweight poly sole.

Make a statement on the street with the Puma Roma  a vintage 1960's trainer reproduced as a one-to-one copy of the original. Soft pigskin suede or leather upper surrounds feet with plush comfort. EVA midsole offers lightweight, durable cushioning. Gum rubber outsole provides great traction.

The updated look of the classic harness boot  Leather upper  Leather lining  Shock-absorbing memory insole  Neoprene oil resistant sole  1 stacked leather heel  Rubber heel lift  Belt and buckle detail  Goodyear welt construction

WARNING

Women's Harley Davidson 12" Talie Boots. These Boots are made for walking... in comfort and style! Talie Boots have the hot look and durable quality you expect from Harley Davidson

Boot Height

To pull boots on. Plastic handles. Chrome plated hooks.

Crafted with Genuine Cow Hide Leather. ID Holder is perfect for quick access for your ID. It has an adjustable cord that goes around your neck and on the back there is a pocket for business cards. Very useful for traveling. Prevents loss of your id. Great for daily use. Features

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction to this exceptional collection.	Women's Kenneth Cole Reaction *I'm Rich* man-made pumps. Needle stitch detail. Peep-toe design. Covered heel. Cushioned insole. Non-slip, man-made sole.

The Puma Barrelroll features a simple upper mixed with a very unique outsole design

Pelle Moda was created in 2002 by Sam Chen, the founder of another branded footwear company called Moda Spana. Mr. Chen recognized the need for high-fashion footwear which was inspired by the high end designers, but without the designer price. Are you looking for the latest in stylish and exciting footwear? Check out the Pelle Moda line of exceptional mules and sandals. Straight off the runway, these designs have a flair all their own. These updated versions of classic footwear are truly unequaled for style and comfort. For a look as unique as the person who wears them, try Pelle Moda.

The edgy Fly Boy, which looks a lot like a cross between a traditional Oxford and a high-top sneaker, is the perfect blend of practical comfort and contemporary urban style. The soft leather upper has a high profile with traditional moc toe stitching and a two-hole lace-up entry. A substantial lug sole provides great traction, and the cushioned insole and padded collar give you all -day comfort.	An irresistibly simple slide that pairs easily with anythingStretch fabric upperLightly padded footbed2-3/8" wedge heel with 1-1/4" platform

This contemporary oxford drives home a fresh style statement in leather uppers with kick toe detail, leather lining, leather sole and capped heel. Imported.

The Steve Madden Styxx is a cool sporty casual style shoe with great detailing from Steve Madden. Smooth-grain leather upper in a low-slung sporty casual style oxford with stitching and overlay accents. Six distressed suede contrast colored side stripes and matching heel stripe. Seven eyelet lace-up front with rolled edge trim. Smooth lining with a cushioned insole. Low-riding sporty outsole with a flexible traction rubber.

The classic rock shoe, reborn with Mad technology. A traditionally styled shoe with lacing all the way to the toes, the Phoenix is supportive for edging, and performs admirably on cracks, multi-pitches, and trad routes.With its comfort, ability to fit a wide variety of feet and stout build quality, the Phoenix is ideal for individuals, groups and organizations looking for an excellent performance-to-comfort ratio in a climbing shoe.

Soft sole. Perfect for prewalkers. Cozy sheepskin lining provides added comfort for little toes. Babies will crawl in style with these fashionable sheepskin minis. This shoe is not meant for outside wear. It is meant to be worn while in the stroller, in the car or inside as a slipper. These make great shower gifts and any baby who gets a pair will be spoiled and pampered. Please see sizing chart before ordering. These run big. For Petite babies order one size down.

Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!	Every closet needs a sophisticated style like the Walking Cradles Tiki flat, part of the Walking Cradles Classics collection. This women's skimmer is crafted of premium leather or metallic leather and accented with an understated buckle strap and pintucked pleating. Inside, a soft lining wicks moisture to maintain a healthy foot environment, while the smooth, cushioned footbed pads every step. The Walking Cradles Tiki ballerina flat is finished with a flexible polyurethane sole to keep your day on track.

All metal construction	Features raised Logo	Dog Tag Style	Bold style and design	Sturdy ring for keys	Product Description	Product Description	Military dog tags are worn by the military and the civilian population alike. A dog tag is the informal name for the identification tags worn by military personnel. Marine dog tag key is complete with key ring.

SL-1. The New Balance 720 is a well-cushioned supportive running shoe with a long heritage of fit and performance. Lightweight and breathable air mesh upper with reflective detail. C-CAP CMEVA midsole offers cushioning and flexibility. Higher density CMEVA medial post gives pronation control. ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption. Stability Web adds superior support in midfoot while reducing overall weight. N-Durance rubber compound outsole provides maximum durability in high wear areas. Blown rubber forefoot is lightweight and cushioned. Wt. 9.7 oz.

Flower detail on vamp. Cushioned-comfort footbed is wrap in soft suede. Strobel-cornerstitch construction provides an excellent blend of stability and flexibility. Single-density PU outsoles.

Wrapped midsole gives extra support to forefoot while making sharp cuts to the hoop. Molded quarters add reinforcement and provide exceptional stability and ankle support, molded sock liner adds support to the arch and adds cushioning. Outsole designed to be lightweight, flexible and absorb shock, internal shank in arch area offers responsive support. Wt. 16.0 oz.

If a classic, low-cut oxford is your style, enjoy the Converse women's Deluxe Lace, a luxurious interpretation of the Converse All Star. Detailing across the heel reflects this shoe's Chuck Taylor lineage, but the leather materials and the logo treatments make it like no Converse shoe before it. Rubber outsole for dependable traction.

This style from Minnetonka features all the classic elements of a great moccasin making it perfect for leisurely days. And the fact that it's crafted from genuine sheepskin makes it supremely soft and supple.	Minnentonka Moccasins Hardsole Slippers offer sheepskin comfort and a go-anywhere sole. Delight your toes and wallet at the same time! This is premium sheepskin construction... the ultimate in comfort... combined with a durable, hard sole that can go from the living room to the mailbox without skipping a beat. Features

Slip into style with this classic loafer from Troffers. The Ash features a smooth leather upper with double goring system at the vamp for a perfect fit. The padded insole delivers a comfy step for all day wear.	A perennial favorite is this casual comfort silp on from Trotters.  Smooth leather or microfiber fabric upper in a casual slip on style featuring a tapered, squared toe, stitching accents, overlay look front with side elastic panels for easy on and a secure fit.  Smooth lining with a cushioned comfort insole with perforations for breathability.  Flexible midsole and flat traction outsole.  1 inch low casual style heel.

Justin 8" Lace-R Wide Toe Work Boots... made in the U.S.A.! Justin Boots are always made with the highest quality materials, style and workmanship

He's is a hero to your own heart and to the lives of many others. Let him go puddle-jumping in the heroic style of the FDUSA rain boot from Western Chief. It features a full rubber outsole with a moisture-absorbing cotton lining, a removable cushioned insole, and a high abrasion rubber outsole for a slip-resistant step on both wet and dry surfaces. What's more, the pull-tabs on the shaft allow her to slip these adorable boots on and off with complete ease.	Your little one will feel like a hero in these Western Chief boots. The Western Chief F.D. U.S.A. is an adorable kids' boot set in a waterproof rubber upper with fire fighter detailing. Pull tabs on the top of this boys' boot make it easy to pull on. Keep little feet dry in the Western Chief F.D. U.S.A.

The Grid Stabil 6 is built to provide the smoothest, most comfortable ride available in a control shoe.

Genuine Eel Skin women's small coin purse, exterior snap closure, interior coin compartment Quality Constructed for durability Eel skin is proven to be 1.5 times stronger than cowhide of the same thickness Dimensions

coyl white paris 90

Corcoran 10" Tanker Boots... footwear designed to do the heavy lifting! Tough-guy Boots for a rugged job! Built for an on-the-go military man. You get a removable DRYZ polyurethane cushioned insert to wick away moisture and soften the impact of each step. These babies keep your feet comfortable and secure... double-strap closure and internal ankle support keep you from twisting or tweaking your ankle on unstable ground. And the Boot features patented Goodyear Flex-Welt construction that allows you to bend and move the Boot without damaging the structure. The rundown

coyl white paris 95

A modern Puma jogger, styled with elegant midsole sculpting and a lightweight mesh and plush suede upper, resulting in a dynamic, must-have casual shoe. Rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

The Rainbow Classic Rubber Sandal is a buffed-up version of old-school thongs. While we find it a bit difficult to use the word 'thong' in relation to feet, it's that nod to vintage coolness that makes these tough little flips so awesome.Product FeaturesStrap Material

The perfect Timberland boot for the snow princess who likes to get a little rugged from time to time. The Timberland Women's McKenney Tall Fur Slip-on Boot is made of soft Timberland leathers with wedge styling. Rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

The Dayton oxford from Stacy Adams delivers classic appeal to work attire and beyond. The leather upper features perforations in all of the right places, while breathable leather linings and a padded leather insole deliver comfort.	Men's Stacy Adams Ivory Dayton Oxfords. A new twist on classic wing-tip Oxfords... crocodile print leather uppers! Durable, genuine welt construction. Synthetic sole for traction and durability. 3 eye-let lace design for a comfortable, custom fit. State Size. Medium width. Get yours today! Please Note

A cushioned training shoe featuring the a3(TM) Energy-Management System, comprised of polyurethane components that minimize harmful impact forces, direct the foot through its natural motion and maintain essential energy return with each footstrike. The synthetic mesh upper has a forefoot wrap for improved fit. adiPrene+ helps maintain forefoot propulsion and efficiency, while the Torsion System helps create stability and control.  Weight 14.4 oz.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive frog design is embroidered onto soft and durable grass green canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Ivory design on grass green canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

Naughty Monkey is a fresh fun shoe collection that originated in California and has everyone clamoring for the monkey from coast to coast. The naughty monkey, whose identity shall remain nameless, heard constant gripes and complaints about how mundane and boring footwear had become. In his monkey mind came the devastating first designs of a brand that would leave a lasting impression on fashion and how fun it could be. The evolution of naughty monkey to this day continues on the same maddening quest to bring the opposite of boring to fashion and can only be appreciated by those who have a little of the naughty monkey inside of them.	Great casual sandal from Naughty Monkey

The Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Infant Pink Hi Top adds fashionable flair to your little girl's feet!

Birkenstock's classic Arizona Birkibuc sandal is back! Treat your feet to the comfort and style they deserve with this simple yet supportive sandal. With its soft suede straps, adjustable metal buckle closures across the vamp, an anatomically molded footbed and corked midsoles, this Arizona sandal is simply the best.	The classic Birkenstock Arizona sandal is famous for its comfortable fit and easy style. Breezy slide sandal has double straps with individual, adjustable buckles for a custom fit. Offered in either comfortable leather, suede or nubuck. 1" shock-absorbing EVA (Ethyl Vinyl Acetate) sole. With Birkenstock's signature cork footbed with double Jute layer for better-than-barefoot comfort. Raised toe bar, footbed form, arch support and deep heel cup with footbed liner combine to align your foot naturally for even weight distribution and proper support.

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.	High-contrast stitching holds Nine West's Eyepopper flat together quite nicely.

The adidas a3 Megabounce + DLX running shoe is Bounce super-powered. While you run your run heel-to-toe Bounce is busy turning every last bit of energy into forward momentum so you can have more fun with less effort. Nylon mesh upper combines light weight and breathability. Features two interchangeable sockliners. adiPRENE+ insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Bounce technology provides optimized energy return and step-in comfort. adiWEAR outsole provides best durability in high wear areas. Flex grooves offer optimum forefoot flexibility, road lugs add best grip. Wt. 14.6 oz.

Strike gold with a GREAT DEAL on Harley Davidson Miner Boots. Full-function riding boots at my volume-buy price. Our buyers negotiate hard so you don't have to pay the in-store price for these Harley Davidson Miner Boots. Here's the rest of the details

A complete shoe care kit for the shoe enthusiast that makes a great gift. Kit includes 7" shine brush, 2 polish daubers, black shoe cream, brown shoe cream, leather lotion, a 4"x 14" shine cloth and a 7" shoe horn.

The Aaliyah flats by Jessica Simpson feature soft, supple metallic leather uppers with a thin elastic strap across the vamps and thin, rubber out-soles. These delicately styled shoes are sure to become your casual favorites. Wear your with your favorite denim capris and tiny tee for a fun and hip ensemble.	Jessica Simpson is famous for her fun, sexy style, and now her signature line of footwear, handbags, and sunglasses brings that same style home to you. From fun western boots to the latest dressy and casual looks, Jessica Simpson shoes, handbags, and sunglasses are where it's at for fun, flirty and fabulous fashion!

Take a walk on the wild side in this comfy, waterproof boot. Premium leather or Nubuck upper provides comfort, durability and abrasion resistance. Waterproof and insulated construction keep feet dry, warm and comfortable at all times. Rustproof hardware and rubber outsole to withstand elements. Wt. 17.2 oz.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Sago is from Clarks Artisan Collection. Day or night, this toe-piece sandal is ready to hit the town. Full grain leather upper, adjustable instep buckle. 1 3/4 inch covered wedge heel.

You've got your marching orders, now get the boots. Official GI-Issue Combat Boots... SAVINGS PRICED Built to Mil. Spec. by an official Department of Defense manufacturer! The folks at Altama hold to unfaltering construction standards because they know US troops' lives literally hang in the balance. Have a look

Wash and Wear? Yes, that's right; the name says it all. Tagged with a 1,000 mile guarantee, this lightweight, soft leather sneaker will hug your foot with perfection, while the nylon collar allows for a fully flexible step. What's more, the multi-directional tread will give you traction on a number of surfaces, while the removable, shock-absorbing insole keeps you light on your feet from morning to night. The Wash and Wear makes the road ahead virtually endless.	Easy-wear, easy care. Propet Wash and Wear Slip-ons. Good looking and low maintenance don't necessarily go hand-in-hand. These comfy Propet Wash and Wear Slip-ons break that rule. Slide 'em on and wear 'em to your heart's content. When a cleaning's in order, just pop them in a cold-water wash and air them to dry! Great walking Shoes from Propet, offering a broken-in feeling right out of the box. Simplicity

Prance in all of your prettiness with this Pump ballet slipper from Bloch. In a lightweight and breathable canvas silhouette, it has traditional stitching to enhance the hug in the arch, while the design is made to ward off underfoot lumps. Four pieces of elastic are included with the back position sewn in and the front left loose to accommodate your personal preferences.	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

The Matisse and Coconuts Shoe Company began producing high-quality, fashion-forward footwear in 2001. Throughout the years, their trend-setting designs and meticulous craftsmanship have made them an international favorite with shoppers and retailers. Focused on quality craftsmanship and thoughtful design, extreme care is taken to ensure that every shoe maintains the strictest quality standards. Whether the goal is casual fun or formal elegance, there are no limits to inspiration and how far Matisse will go to create the perfect balance of beauty, utility and comfort.

The London from Jessica Simpson features an easy to love flat design that will add style to your favorite outfit. Has a stylish buckle on the toe which adds to the overall detail of the shoe.

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	Designed to release endorphins in mild-to-moderate overpronators, the Brooks Adrenaline GTS 7 running shoe features a new full-length MoGo midsole for a rush worthy ride through mile 100. Whether you're addicted to adrenaline, crave cushioning or seek support, it's your aptly named "go-to-shoe". Microfiber upper with Element Air mesh and linings, internal support saddle. Heel and forefoot HydroFlow. Progressive Diagonal Rollbar (PDRB), dual-density DRB Accel. Engineered stable pod configuration, S-257 Cushsole. HPR Plus, sponge rubber outsole. Wt. 11.5 oz.

HH Brown 10" Original Jump Boots for midnight airdrops without blasting your budget. Serious jump boots at a seriously low price. These HH Brown 10" Original Jump Boots are proudly made in the good old US of A and pack an old-fashioned value price. Lace them up with your BDUs and get ready for the action. Details

Fabulous has a name and it?s the Composer. This pointed toe D'Orsay from Richard Tyler has the looks with its supple suede upper, adorned by an animal print panel and lacing detail; the fit with its lightly padded foot bed and leather outsole; and the height with its 2 ? inch heel.	We don't sell shoes, we sell fashion, says John Hanna who oversees design, manufacturing, and production of some of this season's hottest selling styles. Tyler footwear has always been about a lifestyle. Designer clothing requires the complete head-to-toe look and Tyler footwear completes it. This Tyler by Richard Tyler line is a fun and irreverent take on contemporary fashion.  It infuses an effervescent state of mind for the wearer.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Back Zipper Boot

Soft shearling sheepskin cradles your baby's feet with cozy comfort. Slip on these handmade booties -- each pair with its own unique patchwork design -- and your little ones will be comfy for hours. Soft suede soles keep them slip-free when baby starts walking, and Velcro closures keep them on nice and snug. Equally cute with cuffs rolled up or down. Made in Canada.

The ASICS GEL-Dirt Dog is a top-line performance racer for the athlete who demands light weight, comfort and traction on all types of terrain. Lightweight mesh upper is breathable for excellent water release. Integrated lacing system wraps the upper snugly and comfortably around the foot. Full-length SpEVA midsole adds excellent responsive and plush feel during races. Rearfoot GEL Cushioning System provides shock attenuation. Aggressive lugs offer traction on all surfaces. Wt. 7.7 oz.

PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revol	#19568  UPPER

Women's Khombu Travelers. PRICED RIGHT! Velcro close strap makes for easy on / off and great fit. Ready to go! Ideal for quick wintry treks. Stylish water-resistant synthetic uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Warm Thermolite Insulation; Removable polyester-lined EVA insole; Wicking acrylic pile lining; Approx. 8 1/2"h., 14 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Now! Women's Khombu Travelers, Plum

iglou pink suede 70

The adidas Supernova Cushion running shoe is designed to take you far and fast. This latest generation offers greater comfort and breathability with even less weight. Seam-free GeoFit upper provides anatomical fit and comfort. Inlay has a molded Ortholite antimicrobial moisture-wicking sockliner. adiPRENE provides protection from harmful impact forces. adiPRENE+ maintains forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Torsion System adds midfoot integrity. adiWEAR outsole offers best durability in high wear areas. Blown rubber outsole delivers lightweight grip and cushion. QuickStrike gives best lightweight durability and flexibility.

4" Heel Pirate Boot W/3 Ribbons, 4" and lower

Universal go-getters. Converse Insulated, Waterproof Sport Boots are for hunting, hiking, utility. BIG BUCKS OFF! Introducing do-all footwear! Famous Converse carefully built these all-around sportsters for comfort, dry feet and warmth wherever your tracks go. Wear 'em everywhere. They'll quickly become your favorite friends. Priced less, due to a minor style change, your pocketbook will be the first to enjoy their friendship. Let's go

Step out in moto-chic styling with this ankle boot from Fergalicious. The Lucky features a faux-leather upper with a studded strap detail on the shaft for a streetwise look. A stacked heel adds a leggy look, while the manmade sole makes each step steady and falter-free.	You'll feel your luck change for the better when you strut about in these cute ankle boots. Fergalicious by Fergie features a synthetic brown upper with adorable buckle and strap details. A slight 3 inch block heel adds height to this casual style.

This maryjane from crocs is the ultimate summer style. Its dual-strapped, ventilated upper and traction outsole come together in a fun, girly design that'll take her wherever she wants to go--fashionably.	Back to school or around the park, girls will love these Mary Janes.

Everything goes nicely with the exquisite Nicely Boot from Moda Spana. The dress boot is available in both leather and suede and features stylish overlay details, non-skid rubber sole, convenient side zipper, subtly squared toe, and tapered 3-inch high heel.	Moda Spana was founded in 1991 by Sam Chen, a business man who recognized the need for women's quality fashion footwear in the moderate price range. Today, Moda Spana reaches millions of women around the world. They use the best components and materials available to offer quality, fashionable footwear at moderate prices, and create new styles each season to reflect what customers are looking for -- high quality standards and timely, fashionable styles. By using cutting-edge technology and employing a team of talented, professional people, Moda Spana produces a variety of fashion choices for today's consumer while offering value and the highest quality.

Also includes a  flexible rubber outsole which offers perfect durability.

Keep cool in the hot and casual style of the Monteray flip flop from Cobian. This flip flop exudes nothing but attitude with the pebbled leather upper with contrast stitching, the textured rubber outsole, and the SBR rubber mid-sole for an extra soft step. For long hours relaxing poolside or perusing the beach, the Monteray will be there to keep you comfortable and confident.	Debatably the best, most well made Cobian sandal, the Monterey features a leather footbed, a SBR rubber midsole and pebbled leather upper. The sandal is for people who appreciate fine workmanship and material.

Exchange by Charles David made its debut in Spring 2005 at select department stores and specialty stores. Inspired by the runways of Europe and trendsetters around the globe, the line meets the needs of the most dedicated fashionista. Its international design team mixes materials and details such as canvas and embroidery with unexpected, vibrant colors to create a fresh, fun signature look that is exclusive to this brand.

The laser-like precision of the Earth Lazer-K zeroes in on your body and targets key muscle groups in all the right places.  In fact, these men's shoes might just be the lightest thing to change your body so dramatically. Smooth, durable neoprene stretch fabric in the heel brings remarkable comfort to your everyday walks in this Earth shoe. Perforated details let air circulate to keep your feet cool in case you're feeling the least bit laz-y. This sharp sneaker is the Earth Lazer-K Men.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Rockport Waterproof West Lake Chukkas. Everything you want in a boot. Comfortable. Durable. Waterproof. Breathable. The 4 pillars to any Boot worth buying, to be sure. So what puts these Rockport Chukkas ahead of the pack? Style points! Modeled after one of Rockport's most popular casuals, the Westlake Chukkas not only haul over just about any sort of terrain, but they work great when you want to look pulled together while keeping it cool and casual. Try 'em on

Let relaxation slip in as you slip your foot into this cozy adidas sandal. Perfect for the beach or casual wear, the adidas Leucadian features a comfortable nylon strap with tonal trefoil and serrated 3-Stripes across the footbed. Rubber outsole with tread provides traction.

The Kelme The Don Turf soccer shoe is made for serious turf and dry artificial surfaces. Top-quality nappa leather upper with stitched toe-cap. Multi-stud BRS rubber outsole.

For the latest in high fashion footwear, Vaneli is the brand to watch. Boasting a variety of styles, Vaneli offers the perfect complement to any eveningwear. With a mind on fashion and an eye on comfort, these shoes deliver a perfect blend of long-wearing style.	Special effects enliven this fabric dress style from Van Eli. It's feminine from every angle with matching patent leather bow, sculpted illusion heel, and center seam detailing  Fabric upper  Leather lining  Leather sole  Padded insole  1-1/2 sculpted illusion heel  Vamp v-notch allows a nice fit

Men's Hodgman Wadelite 600 - gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation Waterfowl Breathable Lace - Up Bootfoot Chest Waders. These Wadelite Breathable Chest Waders are ideal for waterfowl hunting in warm conditions. Their lightweight yet durable uppers feature exclusive Horco-Tex CL Plus waterproof, breathable technology. You'll be amazed by the comfort and freedom of movement these Waders provide. Plus proper layering under these Waders allows you to use them through the chill of late season. Get the details

400-3,200 meters, jumping and hurdling. Lightweight synthetic and mesh upper. CMEVA midsole with heel wedge for cushioning, nylon spike plate. Wt. 5.4 oz.

Montrail Torre GORE-TEX Classic Hikers are 100% WATERPROOF and breathable! PRICED RIGHT! Dark clouds approaching from the West! Sure as shootin', it's going to rain pitchforks and hammer handles. Good thing you're wearing these 100% waterproof GORE-TEX Hikers to ensure bone-dry feet. For the rest of you, we can't guarantee complete dryness. Better seek shelter quick! Weather or not, these Boots are A-No.-1 when it comes to topnotch quality. Sure to become your best of friends on all journeys. Oh, and saving BIG due to a style change ain't bad either! Splish, splash

Founded in the 1950's, La Regale has become a premier leader in special occasion handbags. Known for updated classics and fashion silhouettes, La Regale carries a large selection that brings timeless elegance and sophistication.

The Mizuno Wave Alchemy 6 running shoe is designed to provide moderate motion control, a smooth transition and exceptional cushioning in a lightweight package for the runner with medium-to-low, flexible arches. AIRmesh upper provides breathability. AP midsole delivers lightweight, responsive yet durable cushioning. Mizuno Intercool full-length midsole ventilation system reduces heat and humidity build up inside the shoe. VS-1 point-of-impact cushioning in heel. SmoothRide engineered Composite Double Fan-Shaped Wave provides the perfect blend of control and cushioning while providing an unsurpassed ride. Solid rubber outsole with blown rubber in forefoot offers durability and flexibility. X-10 carbon rubber for longer wear in high impact areas and supplements traction at heel strike. SmoothRide engineered, combination solid rubber/blown rubber forefoot outsole design adds cushioning, flexibility and durability. Wt. 11.8 oz.

Add a touch of elegance to any professional look with the Dancer loafer by Florsheim. Hand sewn from black soft kid leather, this loafer features a buffed leather sole, a fully cushioned footbed and full leather lining for supreme professional comfort. They are even airport-friendly since they lack the traditional steel shank, so you can skip the hassle of baring your socks when passing through airport security.	11002-210-15-D Color

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Dr. Martens Fisherman Sandals, PRICED LOW! Famed and distinctive Dr. Martens are offering up this pair of cool, casual Sandals! As far as comfort goes, they won't be beat. Anyone who has owned a pair can attest to that! Thanks to a slight change in style, you score these Sandals for BIG BUCKS OFF! Oiled, full-grain leather uppers; Air Wair rubber outsole with maximum bounce-per-ounce; Stitch-down construction for flexibility and durability; Permanent, padded, fabric-lined footbed; Soft natural leather lining; Adjustable straps for the perfect comfort fit; Each approx. 17 ozs. State Full Size. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Reel in this bargain right now! Men's Dr. Martens Fisherman Sandals, Tan

Step onto the special adhesive built into the sandal and the sandals adhere to your feet - without leaving a sticky residue.  When the sandals stop sticking, simply wash the sandals with soap and water, let them air dry and they are ready to wear again.  Enjoy the comfort and freedom of going barefoot with a cushion of protection under your feet.  Original Topless Sandals come in many colorful designs.  Designs are updated and changed often.  Allow us to select one of our popular designs with a base color of your preference.   Base colors are either the background color or the dominate color of the sandal.

sweater black fabric 75

A re-designed upper for better fit, plus our new Competition Sole for improved traction and mud expulsion are sure to make this popular, triple VELCRO model a continued favorite. Fit relievers on tongue. Molded Plastic Heel Cup. Toe Spike Compatible.

sweater black fabric 70

6" Spherical Heel Mid-Platform Ankle Strap Sandal.

The Rampage Trusty's retro-style knee-length leather boot has a curve-hugging slim fit perfect for skinny jeans or short skirts. With its roomy squared toe and blocky rubber heel, it's just the thing for a weekend pub crawl or an autumn walk to work.	RAMPAGE caters to the young contemporary woman, offering her eclectic, fashion-forward products to wear in every aspect of her constantly evolving lifestyle. The RAMPAGE customer is inspired by celebrities and has a huge appetite for designer inspiration.

A hot, stylish, clog shoe. Hand-sewn construction, with cobbler stitch, for superior flexibility and comfort. Ultra soft twistech upper. Soft arch contoured foot-bed that blends with foot shape. Adjustable double-strap. Anatomic footbed with shock absorbing Gelron 2000 midsole for impact protection.Latex sole.KALSO Negative Heel (R) sole positions your heel below your toes to simulate walking on a treadmill with a 3.7 degree incline to help burn calories and achieve natural body alignment to promote improve posture.Vegan certified. This product retails for $99.99 and more!

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, searches the world to work directly with the finest artisan designers. Hill tribe motifs become ethnic roses in this hand-crafted set of purse and mobile phone pouch. Working in natural hemp and cotton, Anchalika Chamnan embroiders the colorful panels. A longan wood latch closes the purse, while the phone holder features a coconut shell button. Artisan Info

Pair these flats with pants or that adorable skirt youve been saving, either way, you'll be sure to get noticed. Constructed in a cracked faux leather, these fun shoes feature an all-over pretty heart print. A bow tie with metal heart charms finishes off this shoes charming good looks.	Not Rated is the offspring of Naughty Monkey. A junior line in concept, they went back to the drawing board, rethought fashion, hacked out the higher prices and transplanted the cool looks. Not Rated delivers a fashion-forward style that will leave fashionistas in awe.

Trust Dockers for your next casual shoe. This lace-up features a smooth leather upper with a moc-seamed toe and adjustable lacing. Of course, the padded collar and insole, along with the rubber outsole deliver all-day comfort.	Men's Dockers Haven Shoes. These Dockers Haven Shoes are a haven for your tired feet... and your eyes. Comfort and good looks

Rockport Farren Wingtips, SAVE BIG BUCKS! Wear these and you'll look like you're "button-down dressy." But meanwhile the DMX athletic technology makes them feel as comfortable as gym shoes. Premium full-grain leather uppers with classic wingtip styling; Light, cushioning polyurethane outsole; Removable leather / polyester-lined EVA insole with DMX athletic "bounce"; Naturally supple and breathable leather lining; Each approx. 4"h., 13 ozs.; State Width and Size. Get this terrific bargain now! Men's Rockport Farren Wingtips, Oxblood

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	The sporty 'Gamada' slip-on is made with leather and kid suede uppers. 	Adjustable side strap helps customize your fit. 	Dynamic suspension DMXTM foam chamber on bottom of EVA footbed provides dynamic air cushioning and sensation. 	Polished, TPU shank gives you added style and support. 	Lightweight and flexible rubber outsole provides good traction. 	Strobel construction provides forefoot flexibility to aid the walking motion.

clint sand suede 130

Synthetic mesh upper with forefoot wrap provides superior fit, energy management technology comprised of polyurethane components adds cushioning, guidance and stability, adiPRENE+, Torsion System, carbon rubber outsole. Wt. 14.3 oz.

Shaft Height

Bearpaw's Willow can be worn indoors as a houseslipper or outdoors as a stylish clog.  These versatile shoes feature a soft, shearling, sheepskin footbed to keep your PAWS feeling good!  Sheepskin maintains your body temperature and allows moisture to escape (keeping your feet dry!)  The soft suede upper has a rounded, roomy toe.  The Willow has a supportive midsole and a traction patterned outsole.  These shoes can be worn with or without socks.  Treat shoes with a water-proofing spray for suede products before wearing outdoors.  The Clausette's Shipping Information

Yellow Box shoes are the hottest new fashion trend, and have been the leader of creative, cutting-edge fashion for young, contemporary customers who are always on the go. Today, Yellow Box provides the newest, fastest, trendy fashion collections available at an affordable prices.	The perfect way to add instant elegance to any look  Satin fabric upper with beaded accents  Synthetic lining  Manmade sole  Lightly padded footbed  2" EVA heel

The Puma Women's Prance is a super hot women's motorsport sandal. Its distinctive motorsport elements include a starting and finish line inspired outsole and Velcro closure, giving impact to the pits and paddocks of this world. Soft suede and breathable air mesh upper. Non-slippery rubber outsole.

A balanced running shoe that offers fit, comfort, cushioning and control for the runner with a normal foot type. Mesh and synthetic leather upper with 3M reflective detailing provides lightweight, breathable support with increased visibility for night running safety. Molded removable Nitracel Engage sockliner adds personal fit with enhanced cushioning. Guidance Control heel clip and dual-density EVA medial posting delivers stability at heel strike. Rubber midsole shank brings motion control and torsional midfoot support and stability. E.T.S. Cushioning Cartridge in rearfoot with Nitrogen and RIF foams offers cushioning and rebound. Solid rubber outsole with Distance Plus high-abrasion rubber at heel strike.

Reebok CL Leather 58 Limited Athletics. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Comfort and classic styling to go! "Who do we appreciate? Number 58!" Seems there was an excess of these zippy casuals. Now discounted! Leather uppers are perforated for breathability; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Removable, EVA-padded and nylon-lined insole for moisture-wicking comfort; Padded tongue and collar; Synthetic leather lining for comfort; Each weighs approx. 16 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order now to nab yours! Men's Reebok CL Leather 58 Limited Athletics, Black

Magnum's lightest full - function duty boots. 8 inches of quality, function, durability and, get this, light weight! Magnum Phantom 8" Boots shave weight but without cutting the quality thanks to a lighter dual-density sole and use of advanced composites and synthetics. Your feet stay light, comfortable and ready for action. Magnum quality that's made to stand up to the most demanding situations while offering uncompromising comfort and performance. Details

Sophisticated and stylish, the Carmel from Vaneli is a two-piece shoe that commands attention. Featuring a chic fabric upper, adjustable ankle strap for a perfect fit, and a very wearable 1 inch covered heel, this shoe spices up both casual and dressy outfits. The lightly padded insole delivers all-day comfort, while the durable leather sole keeps you grounded, in the office or out on the town.	For the latest in high fashion footwear, Vaneli is the brand to watch. Boasting a variety of styles, Vaneli offers the perfect complement to any eveningwear. With a mind on fashion and an eye on comfort, these shoes deliver a perfect blend of long-wearing style.

Streamlined and durable for week after week of high mileage running, this classic training shoe has it all. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. SpEVA midsole enhances bounce back during the propulsion phase, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems, ASICS Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) offers a more natural foot motion, internal DuoTruss System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 10.5 oz.

Poetic Licence, launched in 2005, is designed in the UK and sold to boutiques and stores all over the world. This fun and funky brand gathers its influences from British culture, urban style, and a mix of inspirations from around the world.

These are high quality soft suave leather large classy shoulder handbag purses. They are gorgeous in a hip kind of way. They are handmade of rich stunning luscious solid black textured buttery soft 100% genuine leather. All of the visible stitching on this model is done with a cream colored thread which gives these very practical bags a really classy contrasting look. This is real quality leather not a "leather-like" material. Make a statement without saying a word!This handbag has two large compartments, each with its own zippered top closure to keep all your items really secure. Both compartments have large interiors with a sewn-in cell phone pocket in one and a zippered change or miscellaneous pocket in the other, and all compartments and pockets are fully lined. The bag measures approximately 9 inches tall, 13 1/2 inches wide and 4 1/4 inches deep with a firm base so that this bag always sets flat. It has two elegant leather non-adjustable hand/shoulder straps that are each approximately 23 inches long with 11 inch drops. This is a classy style shoulder handbag purse that will make a stylish addition to your wardrobe. This elegant handbag was handcrafted in Ecuador by expert leather crafters and comes complete with our tag. It can best be cared for by applying petroleum jelly oil or mineral oil with a clean dry cloth. Colors may vary slightly from the pictures shown. Why pay inflated name brand prices? The comparable retail price is $450.00 but your normal price is only $169.95 while this Limited Time Special 40% Off is only $101.95.This is quality merchandise at a great price. The only problem is that it is made in and shipped from Ecuador, a small country in South America, so shipping time and if necessary returns are longer than usual. We ship via Postal Services within 24 hours of purchase, 6 days a week, and normal delivery time is 10 to 21 days.

Dress him up like dad, without sacrificing the comfort of his little feet, in this smart-looking square-toe T-Flex oxford from Kenneth Cole REACTION. The perfect big boy shoe for your little guy, this handsome Oxford offers great support and terrific comfort features, including a padded tongue and heel collar, a soft leather lining, and a skid-proof flexible rubber sole.	Adorable Kenneth Cole Reaction leather oxford lace-up with leather lining and non-marking sole.

Wrap your feet in the spa-like luxury of this terry cloth slipper from Acorn. The full-length memory foam insole covers a feather-light EVA material for excellent comfort and lightweight support. The Velcro strap offers an adjustable fit.	Velvety soft, easy-care spa terry wraps the foot in comfort and style. Adjustable strap for fit and comfort. Acorn Contoured Footbed Sole. Fully contoured footbed of molded CFC-free PU with enhanced heel and arch for ultimate, long-wear comfort. Non-slip weatherproof outsole for indoor/outdoor wear.

* Shoe laces * Classic * Cord * 36" * Black * 2 pair per pack, 6 packs per order

Look what just came riding in. The 12" Double - H Steel Toe Harness Boots play by their own rules with rev'd up biker style! Take one look at this Harness Boot and you'll see why it's Double H's #1 seller. Highlighted with black leather uppers and an ultra resistant outsole for maximum toughness. Perfect to wear with jeans, a leather jacket and a motorcycle - nothing more, nothing less. Bad to the bone

Arche Shoes is a family-owned company which has been in existence for almost 40 years. Based in the Castle of La Loire region in France, the Arche brand was founded by Pierre Robert Hlaine, a true visionary who imagined and designed his shoes with the well being of men and women in mind. The brand became renowned in the industry after launching shoes with natural latex soles that exhibited an extraordinary suppleness, comfort and a lightweight feel. Arche concentrates on the natural design experience, believing that because nature has its own ways, there is no need to reproduce its perfection with technology. Design focuses on shapes and the principles of biomorphic design, which together with noble and natural materials are Arche's hallmark. Natural supple leathers and velvety nubucks enhance the natural quality and softness of each shoe, and an extra soft anatomic sole and a breathable upper allow the foot to breathe. There are no stitches or extra layers, nothing but the bare essentials. Arche shoes hug the foot and liberate its movement -- simply put, Arche conforms to the foot rather than reversing the role.

Does a full day of patrol duty feel like a frontal assault on your feet? Try these Ridge Ghost Duty Boots. SAVE BIG! Athletic shoes have used air cushioning technology for years... now thanks to the people at Ridge, shock-absorbing comfort is available in a Duty Boot, too! The protective air pocket in the heel absorbs the shock from every step of your patrol, so at the end of the day you won't be feeling the hurt. And these babies are completely nonmetallic, great for high-security areas like government buildings and airports. Because of a slight change in style, you SAVE bucks off the original retail price! On-duty comfort

Naturalizer's Gateway sling-back sandals fuse comfort and style for a look you can wear all day long. Featuring soft leather bands across the vamps and an adjustable hook-and-loop heel strap, these fun, casual sandals are the perfect match for your favorite casual capris and tiny tee.	Set a course for warm weather in the Gateway sandal from Naturalizer.		Durable leather is crafted in a simple shape with a stretchy heel strap.		Polyurethane absorbs shock for every casual exploration.		Genuine leather upper.		Polyurethane sole		Synthetic lining.		Approx. 1 '' heel height.

Hi-Tec's Altitude IV junior hiking boot is a great way to get the whole family together out on the trail. Its thickly padded, knit-lined upper is waterproof, supportive, and comfortable, and its lugged outsole enhances foot flex and downhill braking.	This boot is made with Waterproof Nubuck Leather, a Durable Carbon Rubber Hiking Outsole, a Full Length EVA Sockliner.

Tignanello searches the world over to find, and develop high quality leather that will enhance the functional styling for which they are known, producing a product that is all leather on the outside, complemented with appropriate hardware and ornamentation. Each bag is designed with special attention to how it will be used, with ample pockets and compartments. Since a well treated leather handbag can last indefinitely, quality of materials and construction combined with reasonable pricing give the best value available. With classic designs, you may even find yourself passing your Tignanello bags to the next generation. The One Touch and Casual leather collections have natural finishes, so no flaws are hidden. Therefore, the best quality hides must be used. All bags are designed with the customer in mind with special attention to detail creating a stylish handbag that opens well, handles properly.

Tried and true, tested by the best in the worst conditions! Danner Elite Series Desert Acadia Boots. Danner's most famous boot these days, the Desert Acadia 8" was a must-have during Operation Enduring Freedom. Troops on the ground demanded this grit-resisting, fast-drying, 1,000 denier Cordura boot. If they worked over there, you can rest assured they'll serve you well in any dry, warm environment. Specs

4 inch Heel Knee High Boot Women's Size Shoe With Stiletto Heel and Fur.

If your wood or stone floors are getting just a bit cold this winter season, slip your feet into the Women's UGG Scuffette II Slippers. Perfect for scuffing around the house, this slipper revels in its Aussie sheepskin and leather heritage. A Silkee suede upper is stuffed with sheepskin so that nary a millimeter of your foot isn't bathed in its luscious softness. The sockliner is also genuine sheepskin for unparalleled step-in feel and unrivaled moisture wicking capabilities. The closed toe is joined with a butt seam, and a heat embossed UGG logo slyly peeks from the edge of the real fur trim. A new outsole of molded rubber and cork adds some cushion to your step as you get that next cup of coffee and head back to curl up with your book. Keep your toes as happy as you are on those lazy days, by letting them hang out in the Scuffette II Slippers for women from UGG.

Just like a fine sailing vessel, you'll find these Men's Nautical Gold Cup Slip-Ons from Sperry Top-Sider are built to exceed expectations. From the full deerskin lining that delivers unparalleled comfort under any conditions, to the rust-proof 18-karat gold eyelets, to the exclusive TC-4 Vibram outsole technology that gives anchor-like traction, you'll get assurance of the kind of quality and performance you've come to expect. You'll feel that Sperry comfort right out of the box with these "gold standard" yachting shoes.	Sperry Top-Sider Mens Woven Vamp Loafers feature

You love your Chucks, you wear them as often as you possibly can, but sometimes the hassle of unlacing or re-knotting each time becomes a pain (those times are known as the lazy times, don't try to deny it, we all have them and we know them well). That is when the Slip-On Chucks come in, the perfect chuck alternative you can just slide into, and kick off when you are done. This pair of shoes features

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Simplicity and style join forces in this smooth, cowhide moc from Minnetonka. A fringed flap accents the toe while a single lace running through the rounded collar ties atop it. Heel-to-toe cushioned insoles pillow your foot while rubber outsoles protect against slipping.

The Dr. Martens Open-Toe Sandal features a Roman-style interwoven upper made from the finest quality leather for durable style. A curved, air-cushioned sole propels the foot forward while walking. Classic Dr. Martens grooved rubber outsole delivers excellent traction.

Summer love is in the air and you'll be completely unforgettable wearing the Natilya platform sandal from Nine West. This romantic sandal has a fine satin strappy upper, a pretty rounded open toe, and an ultra-feminine ankle strap with an adjustable buckle closure. It also features a fully cushioned insole, a cork wedge and platform, and a textured rubber outsole for sure footing and a confident step. The Natilya can be partnered with anything from cropped pants to a summery cocktail dress.	Manmade sole 	Heel measures approximately 4" 	Platform measures approximately "1 1/

This basic flip-flop will be the ultimate in comfort for her, all day and evening, all summer long. The flexible sole, ultra-thick foam footbed and fabric-lined sueded thong strap will all see to that.	Kid size version of the women's Payday style. Soft EVA topsole conforms to the shape of you foot. Heel lift adds anatomical support. Durable Happy-U outsole.

These Georgia Men's Safety Toe Insulated Waterproof Gore-Tex Logger Boots stand 8 tall. This insulated boot is equipped with a safety toe and electrical hazard protection, plus the cushioned insole and orthotic insert. All of this combines to make comfy and safe work boots

Rocky Sport Utility Pro 600 gram 7" Steel Toe Boots... 4 x 4-style terrain-grabbers! Rocky Boots with a little attitude and a lot of comfort performance, for work or play! Rocky guaranteed waterproof construction; Multi-directional Sport Utility outsole; Uppers are premium full-grain "Crazy Horse" leather, supple and durable; Warm 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation; EH-rated for protection against electrical hazards; ANSI 75 rated steel toe for safety; Moisture-wicking inner lining; Padded collar comfort and protection. State Size. Medium width. Rev into better feeling feet. Order ONLINE Today! Please Note

Doesn't EVER get any better than this! Hush Puppies T-Moc Casuals, 53% OFF! These are as comfortable as athletic shoes, with rugged great looks. And at about 11 ozs. apiece, they feel just about weightless as you walk. Speaking of light, this Close-Out deal weighs in at $45.00 off the store price! I'm telling you, this is one doggone bargain

This sturdy boot from Wolverine offers top-of-the-line protection, so you can work hard and stay safe. Constructed of waterproof leather with sealed seams, it also features a fully lined interior, shock-absorbing midsole, and heavy-duty lugged outsole for comfort, traction, and durability.	You might be ready to tackle the rigors of outdoor work, but are your work boots up to the task? The Wolverine 1199 Waterproof Insulated Work Boots will keep your feet well protected and insulated; the two most important features of these multi-featured work boots. Manufactured of durable Nubuck leather with 1000-denier Cordura Nylon for extra toughness and strength, the Wolverine 1199 Work Boots are also waterproof to ensure your feet don't get wet when you're working through a rainstorm or happen to jump in a mud puddle just for fun. In fact, the genuine 400-gram Thinsulate lining will keep your feet cozy warm through all that splashing around, down to -45 degrees Farenheit. And if that's not enough to convince you that these Wolverine 1199 Waterproof Insulated Work Boots are one great pair of boots, then perhaps the Taibrelle lining that promotes a cool and dry environment for your feet by wicking moisture away, will do the trick. Other great features of the Wolverine 1199 Waterproof Insulated Work Boots are the Vibram mini-lug outsole system that is directly attached to the upper for superior traction and grip and the steel shank that supports the arch of the foot. The sole is also non-marking, oil- and slip-resistant. Handsome and durable, the Wolverine 1199 8-Inch Waterproof Insulated Work Boots are sure to fit your feet, fit your budget and satisfy all of your puddle-jumping needs. Try a pair today! Sizes

Spira's Wavewalker cushioned walking shoe is designed to relieve your foot of fatigue and stress. Patented Wavespring technology at the heel reduces harsh impact so that you'll have complete comfort with every step. The durable leather upper and traditional lace-up is practical for every day, and full cushioning and traction will take you anywhere you want to go.	Ramp up for a busy day with the Spira WaveWalker Men. This men's walking shoe features a genuine leather upper that provides a generous fit. The insole is removable to accommodate orthotics. WaveSpring midsole technology stores and redistributes energy with every step, for an ultra-cushioned, smooth ride. This Spira walking sneaker also has a dual density polyurethane outsole. Get superb comfort from sunrise to sunset in the Spira WaveWalker Men.

With the adidas Superstar WD, adidas went back to the lab and added a few touches to the classic Superstar shoe. This model features a soft, full-grain leather upper, herringbone outsole and a new, more comfortable fit.

Corcoran 10" Leather Tanker Boots... reliable, duty - ready performers! Tough-guy Boots for a rugged job! Built for an on-the-go military man. These babies feature a Poron cushioned insole that's specifically designed to absorb the blast from a hard landing. They're comfortable and secure too... double-strap closure and internal ankle support keep you from twisting or tweaking your ankle on unstable ground. And the Boot features patented Goodyear Flex-Welt construction that allows you to bend and move the Boot without damaging the structure. The rundown

Black Elephant Print foot with red Cowhide top.

SM New York is a division of Steve Madden -- the footwear fashion mogul of the 21st century who has inserted his company into virtually every aspect of the fashion industry. With his primary success and initial endeavor as a shoe designer, Mr. Madden has maintained the direct day-to-day responsibility for the design and marketing of the company's trend setting shoes for the past two decades.

Men's fashion takes sophistication to a raised level with a mid cut boot design. Raised moc toe and side zip give this boot it's own unique presence. With supple glazed kidskin leather upper and fully lined interior, the Essex is perfection inside and out. Leather sole is flexible and durable for unwavering stamina.

Evisu's Japanese heritage has always had strong influence on their collections. Already a leader in high end denim Evisu has a wonderful offering of exciting footwear to complement the line. Named for the Buddhist god of money, Evisu still remains true to its artisan roots with a fanatical devotion to quality and authenticity while maintaining those two other viral ingredients for the Evisu magic potion - humor and irreverence.

You don't have to be an Aristocrat to lounge in luxury--all you need is this scuff slipper from L.B. Evans. It's full-grain leather construction features leather linings and a soft leather outsole. The full-length cushioned insole delivers soft, lasting comfort.	Be a gentleman of leisure in the Aristocrat Scuff slipper from L.B. Evans. A full grain leather upper and lining are the definition of quality, while a leather sole provides long-lasting durability. The fully cushioned footbed provides all-day comfort for lounging around the house.

101440GRY405 Features

Gucci Handbags (Black) 145764 Horsebit Horsebit Velvet Med. Shoulder Glam Bag with Signature Web -

Precious ballet style is versatile and adorable. Dyeable construction offers the ability to create the perfect color match.

jumpp red fabric 75

A zipper pocket located on the back of the bag for additional storage Adjustable shoulder carrying strapDisclaimer

Engineered for distances ranging from 5K to the marathon. Lightweight and extremely breathable Air mesh upper with minimal overlays. GEL Cushioning Systems for maximum rearfoot and forefoot cushioning, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce rate of pronation, DuoSole forefoot for enhanced flexibility and traction. Weight 8.3 oz.

Deer Stags The Seville

Take the lead on the straightaway in this racy sport fashion sneaker. This lightweight and comfortable slip-on shoe features a cool leather and mesh upper and sporty bungee-style lacing. The modern pronged outsole is durable and traction patterned for excellent grip. This get-up-and-go shoe will energize you with every step, and it looks great with just about everything in your casual wardrobe.  About Skechers Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Send a message of your urban style with a touch of athletic flavor. Leather and suede upper adds softness against the foot and added durability. Rubber sole is comfortable and flexible in stride. Designed in track shoe style, that brings new meaning to original trends.

Take an easy, breezy step in style with this platform pump from Franco Sarto. The Breeze wows with a mixed upper of cotton and leather, creating a head-turning look they wont forget. Beneath, a block heel adds height, while the manmade sole ensures every step you take is fabulous.	Blow away the competition with the head-turning Franco Sarto Breeze pump. This high-heeled women's dress shoe has a suede or patent leather upper with a buckle ankle strap to hold it securely in place; snake-print or multi-tone python print leather trim adds a sophisticated touch. Inside, the footbed is lightly cushioned to enhance comfort atop the high heel and platform of the Franco Sarto Breeze dress pump, while a synthetic sole provides a durable foundation.

This casual oxford from Mephisto is a perfect Match. The durable leather upper and laid-back style are great for relaxed outings and everyday wear, while the Soft-Air Technology and Caoutchouc rubber sole give you comfort and support where you need it most.	Flexible outer sole is made of fine latex foam and combined with an ultra-light, air-cushioned sole. Air Relax system uppers made with full-grain nubuck leather for ultimate breathability and durability. Air Jet system channels air throughout the shoe with every step to keep the foot fresh and healthy. Constructed on anatomically correct full fitting last for proper heel, arch and foot support when walking.

As the ultimate go-to name in sexy shoes, Pleaser has become the standard all others are judged by. Attention to detail, superb craftsmanship, fine materials and innovative designs contribute to Pleaser's reputation among sexy shoe aficionados and professional performers alike. Synonymous with sex appeal, Pleaser shoes have graced the covers and editorials of countless fashion magazines and are featured in numerous Hollywood movies and television shows. INDULGE-1028. 5 1/4" Stiletto Heel Faux Patent Leather Lace-Up Platform Knee High Boots. Sizes are in Womens. To convert to Mens, go down two sizes. For example, a Womens size 12 is equivalent to a Mens size 10.

XC World-Cup proven.  Full carbon sole insert.  Molded heel counter.  Fast strap SL system.  Sim Ratchet.  TPU + Rubber lugs for traction and durability.  Content

jumpp purple fabric 100

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	A walk back through time with modern air - cushioned comfort! Dr. Martens Troy Casuals, ON SALE! A blast from the past! These Troy Casuals pack all the comfort Dr. Martens have to offer in an old-time antique finish you'll love. From downtown to uptown, work to play, these steppers are ready to put a spring in your step with AirWair air-cushioned comfort. A couple of style changes for next year means you get your pair here for LESS! Style on the move

Mad Rock's Frenzy climber is a terrific shoe, whether you're on the rock or the wall, with a special penchant for crack climbing. Its coveted FX-5 heel and special lace rand make short work of challenging foot jams, while padding around the ankle, a perforated upper, and X-static lining do all they can to make each pitch as comfortable as the last.	Classic, traditional, high quality, and a great performer. Mad Rock's do-everything shoe has been around since day one, and while it has enjoyed improvements and subtle changes over the years, the Phoenix is still a great value in a traditional shoe, and remains one of Mad Rock's most popular models. This WAS your father's climbing shoe, and it'll likely be the choice of your kids as well.

Hummer style and utility, faithfully recreated in these Amphibian Boat Shoes. YOU SAVE BIG! The Hummer people know all about all-terrain travel. And these Boat Shoes are no exception. Expect excellent, all-around grip... with slick, top-of-the-line looks while you're at it! Tough, durable and dependable just like the real thing, with the Hummer logo proudly emblazoned for all to see. Due to a discontinued style, a small lot of these shoes came up for grabs at WAY below market value. At The Guide, you SAVE HUGE! Hit the road, or the boat

You'll set your flirty summery step on fire with the Dragon flip flop from Havaianas. This perfect flip flop has a molded rubber upper with a Havaianas logo, Chinese dragon design on the insole, a shock absorbing midsole, and a durable rubber outsole for premium footing. Hit the beach in style this summer with the Dragon. Made in Brazil.	Made in Brazil of the finest, softest rubber, the Metallic is an ultra-comfortable flip-flop that adds a bit of sparkle and shine to your summer wardrobe. This three-point style thong has a molded metallic colored soft rubber upper and a rounded toe post for easy wear. The smooth interior includes a cushioned rubber footbed for long-lasting comfort, while the supportive, cushioning foam midsole has a walkable low heel. And the flexible traction patterned outsole helps keep you steady on your feet, whether your playing volleyball on the beach or strolling on city streets.

Tough on the exterior and comfortable inside with the 8287 Hiker Boot from Dr. Martens. Designed with the Dr. Martens' Flex-Link sole that takes forefoot flexibility to an energetic level. Laces go from toe to shin for your choice of fit. Great for days of blazing a new path to work, class or meeting friends out and about.

High-quality, fashionable support wear with 8-15 mmHg compression helps relieve tired, aching legs, prevent swelling and promotes circulation!  Men's dress socks have knit-in heel and ample toe area to ensure perfect fit. Extremely soft yarns and lightly ribbed texture for style and unparalleled comfort.  Select by adult men's shoe sizes

Johnston & Murphy's Melton oxford, while providing a classically stylish look well-  suited for the office or dressy events, will bring lasting comfort. It has a padded,   breathable insole for cushioning and a curved instep profile for a forgiving fit.	This classic cap toe oxford has it all. Hand polished calf uppers ensure that you are putting your best foot forward in any situation. The Optima cushion system and full leather linings will keep your feet cool and comfortable. Add a resoleable leather outsole and rubber heel and you have the complete package.

Grasshoppers offers lightweight, flexible footwear from a premium line of casual comfort products in stylish and sophisticated silhouettes, to Lifestyle Classics with a preppy sport influence to go where you go. Grasshoppers celebrate a women's confidence

Dominate on the court in the K-Swiss Overrule women's tennis shoe. Forefoot flex grooves enhance flexibility, while Shock Spring cushioning technology provides lightweight cushioning. The Aosta II rubber outsole offers durability and dependable traction.

A training shoe for the high-mileage runner who likes cushioning and structure. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. Full-length SpEVA midsole increases shock attenuation at initial impact, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems. ASICS Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) directs the foot from heel strike to toe off, the foot is stabilized and shock minimized, thus optimizing athletic performance. Two-density DuoTruss System links the forefoot and rearfoot and maintains midfoot support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial impact.  Weight 13.3 oz.

Light-weight, nimble, waterproof hiker for rough, off-trail conditions. Perfect choice for light backpacking adventures. Provides excellent knee and back support for a 20-30 pound pack.

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Whether you're a through-hiker, a day hiker, or just prefer the everyday support of a hiking style boot, the Men's Wolverine Fulton Hiking Boots are super comfortable and built to last. The nylon shank offers rigidity and support without weighing you down and the removable full cushioned insole allows for a soft and comfortable ride. Hit the trail and hike in confidence when you're wearing the Wolverine Men's Fulton Hiking Boots.

#413901  Extremely light running shoe built for marathon runners. UPPER

Bon Tool 41-166 Economy Tool Tote Bag W/ Shoulder Strap

The Dunham Cloud 9 6630GR is a seam sealed waterproof and lightweight leather upper which features a TRU-TRAK sole, ABZORB cushioning in heel and forefoot, polyurethane midsole with Rollbar technology in the heel for stability. Color

A casual, comfortable skate shoe designed specifically for women. The Gallaz Cairo features a Paver outsole for optimal traction and board control. Padded, dual-mesh tongue lends comfort and support. Stitched and perforated quarter panels offer durability and ventilation in key areas. Internal tongue stabilizers add stability. Leather upper provides additional comfort and great style.

Great things come in compact, stylish handbags in a new trendsetting trapeze shape. Dimensions

The Original Deano (dee-noh) tote by Scout is a classic bag ideal for travel and beach. A stylish must-have everyday carry-all, it features a reinforced bottom and over-the-shoulder handles in leatherette. Camouflage is the new leopard and this fun, ageless Camo Tow pattern is detailed with bright orange for an ideal gender neutral pattern. Made from durable polywoven fabric. Water resistant; wipes clean. Simply irresistible! Measures 19 W x 15 H x 10 D inches.

gosip black paris 100

You'll be rich with style and comfort when slipping into the casual luxury of Sanuk's Payday thong. Featuring a soft foam sole with tractioned tread and faux leather straps, the Payday is the perfect sandal for everyday, fun and flirty, warm-weather wear.	Make every day feel like payday when you wear these super fun, super cute thong sandals from Sanuk. Smooth faux nubuck upper in a traditional thong sandal style, with stitching accents and embroidered Sanuk logo. Soft fabric lining and soft toe thong post, with a cushioned, comfortable supportive footbed. Shock absorbing foam midsole with a 1 inch heel, and Sanuk's "Happy-U" traction patterned outsole.

The Converse Wade is Dwyane Wade's signature basketball shoe. Full-grain leather upper with mesh tongue for breathability. Internal Neoprene bootie construction supports the foot and provides added comfort. Double lasted construction provides low-to-the-ground control. Injection molded pieces in the shank add support. Removable CMEVA innersole gives cushion. All elements of Foot Strike Management (outrigger on the lateral side, rounded outsole on medial side, flex grooves throughout outsole area).  Wt. 14.6 oz.

Show off your aplomb and self-possession dressed in the Aldrich II from Johnston & Murphy. Leather construction lends refined good looks and comfortable flexibility, while the minimal oxford-style perforation detailing adds a bit of crisp polish. Heel and insole cushioning delivers shock-absorbing support.	Heel Height

Cool and comfortable, the Deluxe Mox slip on shoe from Ecco makes getting through the day a little easier. The removable insole is built with the Comfort Fibre System that keeps your feet dry with moisture-absorbent foam. This is great shoe to get you to and from the office.	Ecco Womens Size 39 M Casual Shoes Deluxe Mox Black Leather 18503 00101. Premium materials paired up with high end and casual materials make these the perfect addition to your casual, business or everyday wear wardrobe. Guaranteed to last while offering maximum performance and feel. Cushioned insole. Non-slip outsole delivering enhanced grip performance ona variety of surfaces.. 18503 00101

Get a head up on the competition with these Ciao Bella wedge slip flops by Roxy with metal ring and stud detailing!Vegetable leather upperMetal rings and studsBurnished contoured insoleSoft EVA below insole for comfortMid-height EVA wedgeEVA outsoleImported

Dominate the tennis court with these advanced tennis shoes from Reebok. The Reebok Centre Court II Lite has a smooth and soft leather upper for a lightweight fit and support. There are micro-perforated side panels and accents for ventilation along with a perforated comfort insole. Padded collar and mesh tongue create stability in combination with the ventilated midfoot stabilizer. The 3D Ultralite midsole provides a lighter and more flexible shoe. The DMX cushioning technology creates a superior air exchange on impact. The outsole is made with a lightweight traction pattern for a good grip on the courts.

Puma Tour Cat Low Shoes. "Prowl" the streets in style! Soft suede uppers and a hip design to get you noticed. Puma has been the choice of cats like yourself for years, because they're always on the cutting edge of cool. This pair is no different. Step-up your style with Puma

Leather and patent synthetic leather upper provides comfort and support, DMX technology offers impact absorption, stable ride and load distribution.

# Additional layer of EVA orthotic provide maximum depth for easy customization.	# Rocker profile for easy stride.	# Hook and look closure system.	# Polyurethane sole for shock absorption and durability.

All - day comfort... for hard - working feet! Durable Men's Carolina 16" Linesman Boots. Go ahead and pull some overtime, your feet won't mind! Not when they're planted in these Carolina Linesman Boots. Designed for high places and tight spots, you'll find shock-absorbing comfort in every new foothold. Get your pair here for LESS! Carolina top-quality

Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giv	Men's Propet CampWalker Waterproof Boots... ultimate comfort, ultimate support when you're on the trail or on the town! Fantastic footwear for walking, running errands, and even for waiting in long lines! Friend, you won't have that kind of foot discomfort... even after a LONG day in these Propet Boots! And I don't want to forget to emphasize this... these Boots come in a width choice that goes all the way up to EEEEE, which is extra, extra, EXTRA wide! Step on 'em! Durable nylon mesh / leather uppers; Sealtex waterproof membrane lining; Padded collar and tongue; Hooks for secure lacing; Internal heel counter for added support; Removable cushion orthotic; Built-in contoured heel stabilizer; Specially designed rubber outsole for durability and traction; Each is approx. 6"h., 23 ozs. State Size, Width and Color, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Order your Boots today! Men's Propet CampWalker Waterproof Boots

Waterproof. WARM. Guide Gear Sentinel II Boots offer 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. PRICED LESS! Ever had your feet so cold that they felt like bricks? Get these. They pack 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. The result is amazing warmth, even in raw arctic-like conditions. Waterproof, full-grain leather uppers; Guide Dry system is waterproof, breathable; Non-typical aggressive rubber outsole for top traction; Removable, Taibrelle-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Padded tongue and collar; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out water / debris; Synthetic toe and heel cap for extended wear; Rear pull-on loops; Approx. 11"h., 39 ozs. each. State Width

sweater bon/bge fabric 75

Style and comfort collide. New Balance 748 Country Walkers weigh a feathery 14 ozs. No, these are NOT just for country folk! They're for ALL of us all around the country! Famous New Balance quality. Style. Exceptional comfort. And stability. It's all here in these top-grade Walkers. Discover 'em. They're just begging for a rural or urban stroll! High-steppin' details

coyl black paris 70

coyl black paris 75

A strong, durable boot. The Timberland Men's Guideboot is made rugged to withstand the toughest elements. A premium waterproof leather upper features a breathable Gore-Tex  membrane for added waterproof comfort. Dual-density EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Rubber lug outsole provides dependable traction.

The adidas Barricade has always provided the traction and support you need to be an absolute court terror, but the already stellar design has been improved with the adidas Barricade IV women's tennis shoes. Those same great features that help turn you into an impenetrable force on the court have been enhanced with the adidas Barricade IV's lighter construction and patented cushioning for a more secure, supportive fit specifically developed for the female foot.Amazingly, adidas has found a way to make returning everything your opponent hits at you feel even better than before with the adidas Barricade IV. The snug fit and ultra-light weight will help you maintain quick movement and high energy throughout the hardest fought matches by reducing muscle fatigue, thereby keeping your feet from dragging. Hey, returning everything like a brick wall shouldn't mean you have to feel like one.

This rugged WORK AMERICA boot can work as hard as you do Oil-tanned leather upper resists acids, cracking, and mildew Heavy-duty shank for support Goodyear welt construction Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole Lug sole with 1-1/2 heel Full leather gusset to keep out dirt and debris Steel Toe Rates M I/75 C/75 in Accordance with ASTM F2412-11  F2413-11

Your classic flip flop just got a little makeover! The High Look flip flop from Havaianas has a molded rubber upper with logo detailing, a lightly textured heel and platform, a shock absorbing midsole, and a durable rubber outsole for premium footing. Dress up your summer casual look with the High Look. Made in Brazil	Havaianas are truly the best rubber sandals in the world. The ultra-high quality of Havaianas is due to a top secret rubber recipe that makes the sandals soft as marshmallows, light and highly durable. There are many knock-offs in the marketplace, but Havaianas customers know that there is no substitute for the authentic comfort and quality. Since their creation in the 1960's, Havaianas collections have a large variety of fashionable colors, styles and prints. Havaianas are showcased on fashion runways around the world, as well as at the most prestigious events.

No matter where you are, our Women's Parisian Sheepskin Slippers will keep your feet toasty warm and dry all year round. Made of the finest Merino sheepskin available, these terrific slippers naturally wick away moisture so your feet stay comfortable no matter the weather, winter or summer. Cozy and stylish, these charming sheepskin slippers feature 100% sheepskin uppers, insole and collar, a foam mid-sole, and a lightweight indoor/outdoor TPR honeycomb outer sole. Imported. Available in whole sizes only, 1/2 sizes go down to the next whole size. What is a TPR Sole? It stands for Thermo Plastic Rubber Sole. Thermo Plastic Rubber is one of the most modern products used to create mold-injected soles including polymers and high tech resins. These soles offer superior comfort to ordinary die cut soles, because they are flexible like traditional leather soles but are also washable and more durable.

Featuring a classic oxford style that's been made for safety, Skechers Harvard is a solid choice for work. Equipped with a slip-resistant outsole and qualified by ASTM requirements as electrical hazard footwear, you can feel confident in its protection, while its sturdy leather upper and fully padded interior will keep you comfortable hour after hour.	Another great work oxford style shoe.   Features are a padded collar,plain toe, shiny  polishable leather upper, and of course it's a durable shoe. Tested slip resistant.

If your idea of time well-spent is being outside, whether for work or play, then this is your boot. LaCrosse's Grange combines ozone-resistant waterproof rubber with a lugged outsole that offers debris-shedding tractiona perfect choice for the outdoorsman.	Men's LaCrosse Grange 18" Hunting Boots. Waterproof protection from the brand you know and trust! Keep your feet nice and dry in less than hospitable conditions. A fine choice in camp, at work, or just about anywhere you want to draw the line between the muck and your toes. More

The Babolat Team Lady is an all-new Babolat shoe for 2006, and is one of two new Babolat shoes for women in the North American market. Featuring the same Babolat technology also found in Andy Roddick's Team All Court

cult 26011 wrd 9.5

10" Ripple sole black Cordura and black leather jungle combat boots with removable Cambrelle-covered innersoles and coated aluminum speedlace system.

The mens Rimini CVS/CTT athletic inspired shoes from Fila feature a textile upper for a great look. The key features are

The women's belted Harness mule from Frye is for the subtle cowgirl in you. This western-inspired mule has a oiled leather upper with tonal stitching, brushed metal hardware, a squared-off toe, genuine Goodyear welt construction for maximum support, a cushioned insole, and a neoprene oil resistant textured rubber outsole. Made in USA.	The look of a full western dress boot, but with the ease of a step-into-it mule. A versatile look that can be worn with slacks to the office or with jeans for more casual times. Featuringa Poron insole with excellent memory for a luxurious fit.  Leather Upper  Poron Cushion Insole  Neoprene Sole  Smooth Lining  2 Heel  Permafresh Treated to Resist Oder  Leather Heel-Seat for extra Wear and Comfort

Penny Loves Kenny is a fashion-forward shoe collection like no other, bringing fun and fashion with funkiness and flair. Penny designs each and every style with European inspiration -- in order to provide the consumer with quality and high fashion at an affordable price.	Penny Loves Kenny shoes combine an adventurous sense of style with eye-popping colors and fresh silhouettes. Inspired by the hottest design elements of the high-end fashion world, Penny Loves Kenny understands that a true fashionista has fun and owns a personal style. Dare to be different with these unique High Noon boots! These western style, pull-on boots feature brown leather uppers with quilted style stitch detailing, finished with a pointed toe.  Approx. 2" heel, 13" calf circumference, and 12" shaft height.  Also available in black, while supplies last!  Style Name

Mush is the perfect name for this thong sandal from Teva. With a super-soft footbed, it offers squishy stepping, yet an EVA midsole means it provides supportive comfort. Made of durable nylon, this thong promises to outlast most of its kind.	Soak up the sun in the Teva Mush women's sandal. It's crafted with a soft Mush EVA topsole and smooth, lightweight tubular webbing for added support.

From Columbia, the travel-hungry boot that never seems to do any closet time. Waterproof construction with suede/mesh upperMid-cut design provides ankle supportPadded collar for added comfortTraction-worthy rubber outsole

Blending breathtaking, original style with a classic design, the Laurieanne from Nine West will add a fresh burst of fashion to your summer wardrobe. This charming ballet flat has a glossy patent or metallic upper, a softly rounded toe and a cute bow on the front. But it's the clear, see-through sides that makes the Laurieanne so effortlessly cool and modern. Wonderfully versatile, this one-of-a-kind shoe pairs beautifully with babydoll dresses or capris.	Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

This style comes straight to you from across the pond. Progressive and completely hip, the Heathrow boot from Florsheim has a semi-polished   leather upper, finely tailored stitch detailing, and a side zip entry and gored panel for easy on/off accessibility and an utterly flexible step. This   boot will add a touch of mod to your casual, business, and dress wardrobes.	The Heathrow side-zip ankle boot has a leather upper and a flexible rubber bottom. It also features a fully cushioned footbed, leather linings, a side gore for extra flexibility and comfort, and a stylish adjustable buckle to ensure proper fit.

The Superskate Vulcan men's slip-on shoes are named after Vulcan, the Roman god of fire, for one very good reason; they're completely and totally sweet. Maybe a lesser skating shoe would've merited a lamer divine namesake, such as Portunes, the god of keys. A really lame pair of shoes might have even gotten a name like Cloacina, the goddess of sewers. You know a shoe named for the god of fire is going to be good. That's the Vulcan guarantee.Think about it

Tumbled leather upper, removable footbed, patented Walking Platform.

" This DVD  shows that women can have strong aikido and that they aren't that different from men." -- Anne Marie Giri, Florida Aikikai"'Holding Up Half the Sky' ... was beautiful and inspiring. It is one of the best aikido videos I've ever seen." -- Judy Ringer, Chief Instructor, Portsmouth Aikido	The purpose of this video is to highlight some of these top women instructors and give them a chance to be seen and appreciated by a larger aikido audience. But rather than focusing on the fact that these are exceptional women doing aikido, my focus is to show exceptional instructors who happen to be women.	Malory Graham has specialized in making educational and social issue documentaries through her company, Small Planet Productions. She also runs the award-winning "Reel Grrls" program in Seattle which trains teenage girls in media literacy and video production techniques. She has combined her filmmaking skill with her background in Aikido to produce ten professional quality videos for the Aikido community.	This sixty minute video/DVD features 10 of the top pioneering women in aikido from The United States Aikido Federation. Including interviews and demonstrations, the video/DVD shows the commitment of these instructors who have influenced the art of aikido through teaching widely either at seminars or as chief instructors at their own dojos.

Your beauty will blossom when you slip into the elegance of the April T-strap sandal from Martinez Valero. This gorgeous sandal has a strappy upper which is all joined by an eye-catching knot detail on the vamp, and a feminine heel sling with adjustable buckle closure. Additionally, you'll remain light on your feet with the luxurious suede-lined cushioned insole.	Perfect your party outfit with these luxe fancy heels from Martinez Valero. April is a pump covered in luxurious ivory satin from 3 1/2 inch covered stiletto heel to pointed toe. A beautiful crystal accent at the vamp completes these feminine fancy heels.

If youre not in the mountains sniffing the crisp fall air already, you will want to be when you slip into the Wooly Bully slipper from Acorn. The beautifully blended wool available in an array of colors offers you warmth and comfort. The cork and rubber sole make this versatile for indoor and outdoor wear.	An understated elegance combined with awe-inspiring comfort give the Acorn Women's Wooly Bully instant front row positioning in your closet. The Poli-Cork footbed is especially comfortable, and the European inspired silhouette is a perfect match for the boiled merino wool upper.

Men's Florsheim 6" Ultraflex Composite Safety Toe Black Work Boots. These Florsheim 6" Ultraflex Composite Safety Toe Work Boots are extremely flexible for comfort, 100% metal free for hassle-free airport security and so much more

Have you been wishing for a hiking boot that is water resistant, long lasting, durable, easy to get on and off, comfortable, and stylish? Look no further because your wish has been granted! Asolo Hiking Boots are universally known to be long lasting, and comfortable hiking boots, and the OM2064-519 Brown TPS 535 LTH V uphold the Asolo Hikers reputation for building a better backpacking boot.These Asolo hiking boots feature Asolo's Triple Power Structure Technology designed in conjunction with Vibram. This outsole design will provide you with three shock absorbers in the three prominent strike zones on your feet. Vibram calls out these areas on the outsoles with red circles. The top layer of the outsoles on these hiking boots is a high density polyurethane. Below is a low density polyurethane layer. These layers cradle in an Asolo and Vibram designed rubber outsole. Smooth but tough water resistant uppers will shield your feet from the rain or snow wherever you may go. When dealing with Mother Nature we need to be prepared, which is why these boots have Vibram rubber outsoles ensuring dependable traction. The hardware lacing system with quick loop hoops make it easy to get your hiking boots on and off, however, due to the gussetted tongues you don't need to worry about getting any debris in these hiking boots. With durability, quality, and dependability all in the Alsolo OM2064 519 Men's TPS 535 LTH V hiking boots, you are ready for whatever comes your way. Sizes Manufactured

Volcom does its part to keep you comfortable and protect our earth with the Men's Verde Creedler Sandals. This flip-flop features an organic cotton canvas strap and recycled rubber outsole. This sandal's footbed cradles your foot in organic cotton goodness and its EVA midsole provides your arches with support. Custom Volcom Verde screen-printing adds a colorful touch to this earth-friendly flip-flop.Product FeaturesMaterial

Kenneth Cole's got kicks for every ocassion and these Edge Hogs are perfect for school or play. It features pieced leather detail, a rubber sole, and double strap velcro. A padded tongue and collar will make it a comfortable fit, along with its cushioned insole.

sweater babyblue fabric 70

sweater babyblue fabric 75

This sandal is the real deal. Suede-lined cork, pearlized leather and absolute comfort. The Sydney sandal comes with two contoured, adjustable straps and a shock-absorbing sole. With a lightly shimmered look to match your favorite casual outfits, you'll love the way you feel in this Birkenstock.	CLASSIC Birkenstock Collection

Designed with love, pediped footwear combines comfort and fashion into a shoe that is pediatrician recommended. Their construction enables babies to sense the ground beneath their feet as they learn how to walk, and to develop foot strength as they grasp with their little toes. pediped footwear is the 'next best thing to bare feet'.	As playful as they are durable, the Tyler is for your trendy tot and feels as great as it looks. Available in brown with blue stitch and navy.

This flat die-cut magnet features a glossy photographic image. The entire backing is magnet, so it will stay where you put it. A good looking refrigerator magnet is perfect for gift giving, holding up notes and messages, bring some fun to your refrigerator door. Each one is strong enough to hold multiple sheets of paper. Ships in an attractive gift sleeve. Available in flip flop pink strap theme. Includes 6 magnet per pack and have a footprint for easy display. Measures 4-3/4-inch length by 3-1/2-inch width.

204425BTG8 Features

liner turq leather 55

The handsomely textured, full-grain leather of Propet's Village Walker oxford gives it dressy-casual good looks, but comfort's the big news here. A round, extra-wide toe box provides plenty of room while the Rocker profile helps maintain an easy stride. Its higher profile helps, too, with enhanced ankle support.	Men's Propet Mid Village Walkers. In narrow to 3X wide! Tour the town or the backwoods in these hiker-style Mid Village Walkers by Propet

Ichigo's Hollow Mask key chain from the anime, Bleach.

The adidas ClimaCool Response II is an everyday running shoe that provides classic Response fit and ride. ClimaCool  synthetic open mesh upper offers 360 cooling for the entire foot. Perforated ClimaCool sockliner adds increased airflow. CMEVA midsole delivers lightweight cushioning. adiPRENE gives protection from harmful impact forces. ClimaCool chassis for best ventilation and midfoot support. Blown rubber outsole combines lightweight with grip, carbon rubber heel adds durability. Wt. 12.2 oz.

Timberland knows a thing or two about designing the perfect outdoor shoe, and the Field boot is no exception. A durable leather and synthetic upper protects their little feet from whatever life throws their way, while the thickly tractioned sole ensures steady feet on unsteady surfaces.	Timberland Junior's Field Boots

A lightweight, professional soccer shoe. Ultra-thin Pittard's 80 SD Lite leather upper with quilted vamp reduces weight and brings foot closer to the ball. Lightweight polyurethane-injected bi-density outsole provides stability and midfoot rigidity. DUOFLEX technology in outsole offers superior flexibility that mirrors the foot's natural movement. Lightweight PU studs provide optimal ground penetration and secure, stable grip.

The Mizuno Wave Ascend trail running shoe will raise your running workout to new heights. Mizuno Composite Fan Wave provides a great blend of support and cushioning in a low profile model built to handle the rigors of trail running. VS-T shock-absorbing cushioning compound found in the forefoot. AIRmesh provides the utmost in breathability and comfort of the upper. X-10 carbon rubber allows for longer wear in high impact areas and supplements. Bi-directional outsole lugs provide extra cushioning and traction whether climbing or descending. Wt. 10.2 oz.

duke black leather 100

If you're looking for a neutral running shoe with good support and cushioning, this is it. The open-mesh nylon upper offers breathability and quick drying. GeoFit construction adds anatomical fit and comfort. Full forefoot adiPRENE+ helps maintain forefoot propulsion and efficiency. adiPRENE provides protection from harmful impact forces. 3-D Torsion System for best midfoot integrity. Forefoot blown rubber combines light weight with grip. QuickStrike delivers lightweight  durability. Decoupled heel helps deflect shock.

Docked

Open the door to a lifetime of good health with WALKABOUT's casual leather walking shoe  Soft leather upper is reinforced at the edges for durability and flexibility  Thickly padded collar cushions and protects your ankle  Leather quarter lining for soft breathable comfort  Lightweight EVA-TECH microcellular cushion crepe sole  Sturdy heel counter for lateral stability  Stitchdown construction for flexibility  FOOTONIC II contoured cushioned insert is removable  QUICK GRIP closure for easy on/off

Women's Dress Shoes Anne Klein Makaya. Go for an ultra-feminine look with the Anne Klein Makaya. This slingback dress shoe features a leather upper with an adjustable heel strap for a secure and comfortable fit. Lightly padded footbed. Matching covered stiletto heel with rubber sole. 3 inch heel.

Get an instant lift from the Teal platform slide from Dezario. This trendy chic sandal has a beautiful wide leather band with an oversized brushed metal buckle detail, a natural corked heel and platform, a soft suede-line cushioned insole, and a lightly textured outsole for sure footing and balance. The Teal pairs perfect with almost everything, especially your favorite new denim mini!	Get an instant lift from the Teal platform slide from Dezario. This trendy chic sandal has a beautiful wide leather band with an oversized brushed metal buckle detail, a natural corked heel and platform, a soft suede-line cushioned insole, and a lightly textured outsole for sure footing and balance. The Teal pairs perfect with almost everything, especially your favorite new denim mini!

This stylish, versatile large nylon boat tote is a perfect companion for all your travels. Lightweight and easy to carry, it features a spacious main compartment, PVC backing for waterproof protection, a large outside pocket, and contrasting handle.  18 (inches) W x 15 H x 5 D.

When the company was first founded in 1987, Woodlore cedar products were only available through Allen-Edmonds stores and other specialty retailers. But as demand for their innovative cedar solutions grew, it only made sense to make their catalog available online. Today, you can find Woodlore products in closets around the world, from New York to New Delhi.	Freshen up and shape your shoes with Woodlore Men's Combination Shoe Trees. Maintain the shape of your shoes and reduce moisture and odor build-up all at once with these cedar shoe trees. An expandable split toe and overhang heel work together to shape shoes from heel to toe. Naturally aromatic cedar absorbs moisture and odor to help keep shoes smelling fresh.

duke black pulsar 70

The UGG Women's La Jolla Boot adds fabulous style to your winter collection. With a lace around lace and a short boot design, this UGG boot is sure to be one of your most complimented pairs. A plush nubuck upper with sheepskin lining delivers lasting comfort. Comfortable leather on top of a squishy Poron footbed makes these boots feel decadent on your feet. Molded rubber outsole features a ribbed traction pattern for great grip. Leather UGG side label and raw seams complete the appeal.

duke black pulsar 75

rowdie black leather 110

Designed for everyday wear, the Tao from Skechers is a modern oxford with a sleek, urban feel. As comfortable as it is stylish, the Tao features a lightweight rubber outsole over the covered EVA midsole, and a padded collar and footbed for all day support. Wear it with jeans or chinos.	Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for the whole family.

Electrify your look in this sexy knee-high boot from Pleaser. Its platform, flared heel, and fully-laced entry present a flirtatious vibe, but it also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	As the ultimate go-to name in sexy shoes, Pleaser has become the standard all others are judged by. Attention to detail, superb craftsmanship, fine materials and innovative designs contribute to Pleaser's reputation among sexy shoe aficionados and professional performers alike. Synonymous with sex appeal, Pleaser shoes have graced the covers and editorials of countless fashion magazines and are featured in numerous Hollywood movies and television shows. The knee high, lace up Electra-2020 boot (previously known as Easy) features a 5" heel with 1 1/2" platforms, faux leather or faux patent leather uppers and a full inner side zipper. Sizes are in Womens. To convert to Mens, go down two sizes. For example, a Womens size 12 is equivalent to a Mens size 10.

Please note

FABRIC KITTEN by Rocket Dog Fun, casual slip-on Soft jersey-knit upper with bow detail and rubber toe Lightly padded insole Rubber sole for traction and durability

WATERPROOF Guide Gear Boots... now new and improved! Waterproof Sport Boots - you select your warmth level... 400, 600 or 800 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. All with

Casual sophistication, with total puddle protection! WATERPROOF Florsheim Dress Chukkas, ON SALE! Your current dress shoes, they aren't looking too dressy anymore. These Chukkas are exactly what the doctor ordered... legendary Florsheim comfort and durability plus 100% waterproof protection. Whether it's work or play, your feet will be happy all the way. And thanks to a supplier's excess inventory, you save big bucks off the original retail price! Splash away

Merrell Women's Aster Sandals... Q-Form technology offers a combination of cushioning and stability to align a woman's stride This strappy sandal is built with Merrell Q-Form-properly sequenced cushioning and a supportive and naturally-aligning midsole, creating a fit tailored to the way women move. The adjustable nubuck leather upper offers a comfortable fit and support with two padded posts, while An Air Cushion in the heel enhances stability and cushioning......

The Under Armour Release Slide is a classic athletic slide with quick-dry materials and ventilation in the upper and outsole. Quick-dry synthetic upper with moisture-wicking liner. Flow molded footbed with drainage ports that allow water to escape through outsole and keep foot ventilated from below. Injected EVA outsole provides lightweight comfort.

coyl white paris 75

The New Balance 574 women's retro shoes are an enduring classic in the New Balance line because they represent a high-water mark in the company's ongoing quest to provide your feet with the best comfort and support technology and high-quality shoe that design will allow. A Boston waiter founded New Balance more than a century ago to manufacture arch supports for people like him who were constantly working on their feet. After moving into shoe design in the 1960s, the company has grown exponentially larger over the years by continuing to supply feet within the most high performance situations with unmatchable comfort and support.The New Balance 574 provide your feet with solid support and comfy cushioning while the classic design updated with a stylish color scheme will look great with nearly any casual outfit. By manufacturing fashionable and comfortable footwear like the New Balance 574, New Balance will no doubt continue to supply great classic shoes for another century.

Harley-Davidson Bella

Embassy Solid Genuine Leather Shoulder Bag. This brown and tan bag featues multiple pockets for storage including a large outside snap pocket, inside zip pocket, 2 inside pouches, and a one hidden compartment /pocket on the bottom left side. Fully lined. It comes with an adjustable 52 strap. Measures 12 X 3-1/2 X 8-1/2.

Boutique 9 is a new brand answering the call for something new and different. A brand for the consumer who knows designer product but doesn't limit herself. Fun, impulsive styles that are trendy but not too intimidating.

SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.	Bloom with casual potential in the SoftWalk Murietta clog. Offered in a vast array of materials, this women's slip-on shoe features a classic silhouette. The leather lining surrounds the foot with moisture absorbing comfort, a lightly cushioned footbed offers underfoot support. The SoftWalk Murietta clog is finsihed with a flexible polyurethane sole for traction and durability.

The ASICS Dan Gable Ultimate features design and construction that makes this one of the most flexible wrestling shoes ASICS has ever made. Full Ecsaine upper is soft, form fitting and light weight. Integrated lace cover complies with regulations. Three dimensional last adds improved fit. Injection molded PU provides structural support while maintaining a soft feel and light weight. Wt. 8.9 oz.

Got chores? Get Rucks Steel Toe Boots for all-day COMFORT and safety protection. Now, PRICED LESS! Work is the yeast that raises the dough! When it comes to jobsite performance or utility, these rugged Rucks are ready to roll. Tough. Comfortable. Built to last. Seems a minor style change kicks BIG bucks off the usual in-store price! Looky

Pleated toe, supple leather upper, traction pad, rubber spring heel, suede inside.Adult fitting is in women sizes

A slipper that can be worn indoors and outdoors. Even run to the store without looking like you're in slippers. Cow suede laminated to sheepskin provides the ruggedness and durability of suede on the outside and the softness, comfort and moisture wicking properties of sheepskin on the inside. Nylon woven collar binding adds great style and traditional flair. Naturally thermostatic, sheepskin maintains body temperature in warm or cold climates. Genuine fleece sock liner means ultra snuggly comfort and warmth. Classic outsole with lightweight EVA that is flexible and has solid traction. Runs true to size, size, wide feet go up one size. SIze narrow feet go down.

No clue why they're named after Alaska, but they are 6" of comfortable work boot. I guess Alaska sounds like a tough place where top-quality work boots are a must. These Boots hit the mark in that case, featuring Techniflex construction... allows your boot to move and flex with the movement of your feet and provide maximum flexibility and comfort in a welt construction. Details

PROFILE

This Adi Designs women's fashion purse is the perfect accessory for any woman on the go.  This great deal is your best answer to any fashion question.

From its humble beginnings in 1825 in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity, and individual style has remained unchanged throughout the centuries.

Stay warm and comfortable with Yukon from L.B. Evans. The supple suede construction features a moc-stitched toe and boat-style laces. The fleecy lining and memory foam insole deliver soft support, while the rubber outsole is substantial enough for outdoor use.	Take a load off in this traditional moccasin slippers!

The adidas-patented LighStrike EVA (Ethylene Vinyl Acetate) insole is lighter than most insole padding, giving your feet an extra bit of quickness The thicker molded EVA insole provides you with maximum cushioning and support Synthetic leather upper is durable without adding excess weight Screw-in studs are designed for optimal grip on soft, natural turf Sturdy leather upper is supportive and comfortable

An Oxford so comfortable, your feet will never believe they're in dress shoes. If you spend all day on your feet, this is your dress shoe. Florsheim Hayes Shoes pack the exclusive Soft Red system. The toe-off zone gives a cushioned spring to your step, while the weight-transfer zone eases walking stress. Soft Red also guarantees excellent air circulation to keep feet cool and dry... less swelling, less aching at the end of the day! All made with Florsheim's 115-year heritage of superior craftsmanship and quality. Here's the details

101440GRA475 Features

Looking for flip-flops that'll give you a little lift? Slip into the Reef Women's Butter Sandals. The mid-height sole makes you a smidge taller, and the leather strap matches with jeans or skirts. These Reef flip-flops' arch support keeps the bottoms of your feet happy, and the Butters' EVA outsole provides cushioning.Product FeaturesMaterial

You will be simply wonderful in these Secret Wishes Wonder Woman Boots. Very sexy and Very fun

ClimaCool  Adidas' 360 degree ventilation technology keeps your feet cool and dry in these performance socks. Half cushioned on ball, heel and toe for added durability and comfort. - Order Multiple

Cartwheels? Naw. Handsprings for Ladies by Rockport. Comfort from heel to toe, with big savings! Here are the Shoes for females on the go. Zippy, full of style, lightweight and big bucks off, due to a style change! Full-grain nubuck leather uppers; Grippy rubber outsole Cushioning; Phylon midsole; Removable, cotton-lined, padded insole for comfort; Cotton lining; Stitch-down heel for stability; Each approx. 4"h. and 10 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Ladies' Rockport Handsprings, Red

She?ll love these rainy day shoes that are sure to bring sunshine to her heart and a smile to her face.  Why Komfort Kidz?  We believe that dress shoes should be comfortable!  No more blisters!  No more slipping!  Our shoes will gently cradle your child's foot. The soles are designed to flex with each step your child takes. Providing the ultimate comfort with each stride. They also offer protection as the soles are non-slip.  Great for busy little girls! Your child will spend a lifetime on their feet.  Don't settle for anything less than a comfortable shoe.

Whether you're shopping for men's, women's, or kids' shoes, you'll find eye-catching styles designed with full days in mind. G.H. Bass styles fit you and the things you do. Classic, all-purpose styles like their original loafers go everywhere, tailored work looks transform plain into polished, and weekend casuals, from sandals to thongs to slip-ons, keep your feet happy while you're on your own time. Shoes worthy of the G.H. Bass label reflect today's latest looks, without overlooking wearability.

PLEASER,Platform Boots,Knee HighINDULGE-2022, 5 1/4" Lace-Up Stretch PF Knee BootAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Made in Brazil of the finest, softest rubber, the Metallic is an ultra-comfortable flip-flop that adds a bit of sparkle and shine to your summer wardrobe. This three-point style thong has a molded metallic colored soft rubber upper and a rounded toe post for easy wear. The smooth interior includes a cushioned rubber footbed for long-lasting comfort, while the supportive, cushioning foam midsole has a walkable low heel.	A 2 1/2 inch wedge with a cupped sock that cradles the foot for pure comfort.

Roxy, founded in 1991, is the junior girls' line of Quiksilver. Roxy is dedicated to active living and the action sports lifestyle. Since surfing is heavily dominated by males, Roxy sought those girls who were rippin' and shreddin' out there in the water with the boys. The girls were asking, and Roxy answered.

101440GRY385 Features

Kenzie Footwear lays love at your feet with its vintage collection of sophisticated heels, fabulous wedges, boots and bootiesall with artistic detailing that produces an immediate and emotional response that tugs at your heart-strings. Dainty touches, mixed and matched, embody the Kenzie spirit of rich, accidental chic. These "pretty pieces" depict your ever-changing moods and needs.

This new version of the first low-top basketball shoe features interchangeable stripes, offering endless color customization possibilities! The adidas Superstar II Adicolor features an embossed leather upper, the now-famous rubber shell toe and dependable rubber outsole.

Take your skating to the next level with the Etnies Cinch. 400 NBS rubber outsole provides superior traction and optimal board control. STI foam footbed and EVA midsole offer support and cushioning. Synthetic suede or action leather upper with padded tongue and collar provides additional comfort and cushioning. Tongue-centering straps add stability. This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	An aquatic, two-strap, adjustable sandal for the recreational adventurer. Hydrophobic synthetic nubuck upper repels water and dries quickly. Two-point, hook-and-loop, adjustable straps promote proper fit. Perforations and stretch panels provide optimal comfort in a simple sandal. Drop-in EVA midsole has textured drainage channels for dry wear. Non-marking Omni-Grip sticky rubber compound outsole features a water-friendly tread pattern for varied traction.

Naturalizer's strappy Perth sling-backs offer a mix of fun style and serious comfort in these fabulous open-toe sandals. Featuring soft leather straps, an adjustable metal buckle on the ankle straps, a stacked, wedged heel and padded in-soles, these Perth sling-backs are a great way to make a smooth transition from day to night.	Subtle elegance with a sophisticated interplay of slotted straps.	Supple leather upper.	Lightly padded footbed for added comfort.	Wedge heel offers the look of wood with heightened comfort.	Adjustable slingback strap.

New York designer Betsey Johnson has built her long-standing career in fashion by following her own set of rules. Known for her celebration of the exuberant, the embelished, and the over the top, Betsey has been rocking the fashion industry with her unique and original designs since the 1960's. Betsey Johnson, both the woman and the label, is constantly moving forward and continues to keep a strong foothold in the fashion industry with no signs of letting up anytime soon. Her love of detail and design is evident in everything she does in life and in business. Her enthusiasm, creativity and boundless talent that have kept her at the forefront of fashion for the past 40 years will keep Betsey going for years to come.

Full-grain leather upper with lace locker, replaceable color cards, VLC (Vertical landing Cushion) in forefoot, Tunnel System in heel, compression-molded EVA midsole.  8.8 oz.

Rugged Georgia Boot Lace-to-toe Loggers. SAVE BIG! Chainsaw not required! Manhandling stout oak logs, to walking tall down the boardwalk. Either way, these stompers carry you in confidence. That's because they're well-made by famous Georgia Boot, the name that stands tall on quality. Sink your feet inside and discover the extreme cushioning. Just the padding you need for reliable work / casual wear, day in and day out. Redwood-tall features

Justin Vintage Western Boots... BIG BUCKS OFF! Now you can rediscover the Wild West, just by puttin' on these comfortable lookers. Tumbleweeds. Dusty trails. Heroes. The Western legend lives. Full-grain, distressed leather uppers with Western accents; Genuine leather outsole; 2" composite heel for lift, capped with rubber for grip; Notched 3/4-Goodyear welt for stability; Permanent leather-lined and padded insole for comfort; Leather lined for added comfort; Dual pull-on loops; Each approx. 12"h., 24 ozs. State Width

TURF -- COACHING -- For use on artificial grass. Soft, full-grain leather upper, padded mesh tongue and collar, pre-molded heel counter, fully board-lasted with additional heel tuck board, polyurethane midsole with PUMA CELL unit, fully board-lasted with additional heel tuck board, EVERTRACK solid rubber outsole. 14.5 oz.

Look more beautiful with every step you take wearing the Carey platform slingback sandal from JLO by Jennifer Lopez. This darling sandal has a full grain leather upper with joined cross front detailing, a flirty almond shaped open toe, a sexy heel sling with an elastic panel for a perfect fit, and the eye-catching lacquered cork wedge provides a whirlwind of beauty with the curvy leather detailing. It also features a smooth dress leather outsole and a fully cushioned leather lined insole for comfort. The Carey just might be your new warm weather favorite.	leather	Leather sole	Heel measures approximately 4 1/2"	Platform measures approximately 1" 	Lightly cushioned footbed

This cool canvas handbag is perfect for a night out on the town. The bag features dozens of silkscreened skulls, stars and cherries on both front and back. The interior is nylon lined, and the nylon strap is adjustable to fit you perfectly. The handbag measures 9 1/2 inches wide, 5 inches tall and 3 1/2 inches deep, perfect for you basic necessities on a night out. This tote bag is brand new, never used. These won`t last long, so don`t delay. Get yours now!

Premium nubuck leather upper for comfort and long-lasting wear. Direct-attach, seam-sealed waterproof construction keeps feet dry in any weather. Padded collar for a comfortable ft around the ankle. Durable laces with Taslan?? fbers for long-lasting wear.Rubber outsole for durability and traction.

sweater black fabric 55

ROCKETDOG JUMBO SURF 3" PLATFORM SOLE * UPPER--BLACK NYLONG * MIDSOLE--EVA * IMPORT

Crocs are the most comfortable and versatile shoes you'll ever own.  The special Patented Closed Cell Restin (PCCR) warms and softens with your body head and holds to your foot.  The European styling of the orthotic heel, built-in arch support, and tarsal bar position your feet for ultimate foot comfort and health. Because the resin is closed cell, it is anti-microbial in nature. This means that it is resistant to the bacteria and fungus that cause shoe and foot odor. Smelly shoes are a thing of the past! With the heel strap in place, CROCS are a perfect shoe for boating, diving, water sports and beach wear. Unlike sandals, CROCS cover and protect your feet yet provide proper ventilation. Air, sand, and water easily pass through the vents. Another benefit of the resin is that it has a very high co-efficient of friction. This fact makes CROCS incredibly slip-resistant and they will not mark floors or boat decks. If you wear them in or around the water, you'll notice that they even float!  CROCS are ideal for people who are on their feet all day and need comfortable and slip-resistant shoes. Try a pair in any color and we bet you'll be hooked!

Known for comfort and style, this chukka boot from Clarks is a welcome addition to anyones wardrobe. The Roar gets noticed with a distressed leather or suede upper with a three-hole eyelet and contrast stitching accents on the counter. Beneath, a treaded manmade sole keeps you steady on your feet for all day traction and support.	Rugged good looks are just the beginning of this Clarks boot's appeal. Crafted of premium leather, The Clarks Roar is soft and supple from the start, with a shock-absorbing, removable Ortholite footbed and rubber traction outsole. The breathable full grain leather, suede or nubuck upper keeps the foot dry in this men's ankle boot whose height adds versatility. Lace into the Clarks Roar for powerfully good looks!

Synthetic leather upper with EVA midsole for lightweight cushioning and a durable rubber outsole.

6 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Floating Hearts and Ankle Strap.

Minnetonka Moccasins Shearling Scuffs... BIG BUCKS OFF! Casual and SO comfortable! Incredibly comfortable suede leather uppers; Sheepskin lining for warmth and cushioning; Blown-rubber outsole for cushion and traction. Each weighs 8 ozs. Imported. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order Now! Men's Minnetonka Moccasins Shearling Scuffs, Golden Tan

Synthetic/leather upper, CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE+, external Torsion System shank offers enhanced medial/lateral support, support shank, carbon rubber outsole.

Your little one gets some nautical flare with the Little River boat shoe from Nautica. This cute canvas shoe features classic styling like side lacing, stitching detail and contrasting trim. A hook-and-loop closure makes for easy on and off and a secure fit, and a grippy rubber sole offers sure-footed stepping.	Let your little one adventure into classic style with these Nautica shoes. These shoes feature a canvas upper with moc stitching, boat shoe-inspired lacing, and an easy hook-and-loop strap. Fabric lining and a padded fabric footbed offer lasting comfort. The man-made outsole gives durable traction.

These classic Pediped loafers are made for the infant. They take a funky twist on the basic, casual slip-on with their double velcro straps. They have a sporty feel and make these shoes a cinch for mom or dad to fasten. The flexible leather upper moves with baby, no matter how active he or she is. The sheepskin lining keeps the infant's skin warm and comfortable. The durable leather holds up in all conditions -- indoors, outdoors, sun, and rain.	Designed with love, pediped footwear combines comfort and fashion into a shoe that is pediatrician recommended. Their construction enables babies to sense the ground beneath their feet as they learn how to walk, and to develop foot strength as they grasp with their little toes. pediped footwear is the 'next best thing to bare feet'.

The reigning king of parks and pavement everywhere. The Men's Air Insurgent is Nike 6.0's premier technical, multipurpose skate shoe, combining a supportive leather, suede and nubuck upper with a full-length Phylon midsole featuring a large, visible Air-Sole unit for excellent heel cushioning and lightweight shock absorption. Upper includes durable TPU overlays for support, a hidden lacing system, and stitch-and-turn construction for durability. A mesh tongue and perforations offer premium breathability. Tacky gum rubber outsole features a grippy Nike 6.0 plus/minus tread pattern with cushioning. Forefoot cupsole stitching in the outsole delivers durability.

Men's Red Wing 5" Itasca Hikers. Lace-up these classy leather Red Wing Itasca Hikers

Pony is a fashion athletic brand established in the early 70's, and it's been growing ever since. Pony is a fashion first athletic brand with both old school replica shoes and new athletically inspired fashion shoes. Pony has been fresh since 1972, with no expiration date.	Get all the style of some sweet track spikes without all the unnecessary sweaty running that usually accompanies them in the stylish Pony Bosi women's athletic inspired shoes. The genius of the design is simple

Your little one may be going places but her shoe should stay in place. There are no worries with this sporty sandal. Little feet will love Teva's patented Universal Strapping System, adjustable Velcro straps that not only hold the foot securely but allow for a perfect fit.  The neoprene lining won't chafe, the rubber toe will prevent stubbing, and the molded rubber sole will provide loads of traction on wet or dry surfaces.	The Toddlers Toachi sport sandal is ready for action and packed full of performance features even for the youngest Teva adventurer.

The Aquatalia by Marvin K. collection is manufactured in Italy and is dedicated to making great looking footwear with the performance and comfort you've come to expect. This is intelligent footwear that's engineered to perform. Aquatalia represents the best combination of fashion, comfort and technology available in the market today.	The Aquatalia by Marvin K. collection is manufactured in Italy and is dedicated to making great looking footwear with the performance and comfort you've come to expect. This is intelligent footwear that's engineered to perform. Aquatalia represents the best combination of fashion, comfort and technology available in the market today.

Ariat was founded with one simple objective

The BootGlove from DryGuy is a performance layering system that blocks the loss of body heat from your boots. As a thermally insulated neoprene glove for your boots, it will keep your feet warm in extreme wind and snow chill situations. Designed and tested to -20 degrees F in the frigid Alaskan Arctic, the BootGlove has also been tested to hold in body heat adding up to +53 degrees F to the shell of your boots and up to 20 degrees F to the toe box for toasty toes. Designed for use with snowboard, Nordic, telemark, snowshoe, and mountaineering boots, the BootGlove is waterproof and has a Velcro adjustable rear strap for comfort. About DryGuy DryGuy's patents and technologies were born from hands-on experiences in the snow and outdoors. In 1994, founder Joel Beckett set out to solve the problem of cold feet and hands. By applying lessons learned from 20 years in the aerospace industry, Joel discovered new ways to keep active people warm. Today DryGuy is the country's leading supplier of footwear and accessory dryers and thermal layering systems. DryGuy's products are designed to keep you at an optimum level of comfort inside and out.	Designed in the frigid Alaskan Arctic, BootGlove provides a Thermal Protection Layer of Insulating neoprene for your Ski Boots to keep your feet warm in extreme wind chill and winter snow conditions. Skiers will appreciate the lasting warmth BootGlove provides adding up to +20-degrees F/7-degrees C to your boot's toe box and conserving heat loss where its most important YOUR FEET!

Get your waterproof, all-leather Danner Striker Side Zip GORE-TEX Boots! Side zip for easy on and off... but once they're on, you won't want to take them off

The Cody sheepskin slipper from Slippers International couldnt be warmer or more comfortable. This handsome choice can even be taken outside, thanks to its durable rubber outsole. It also features genuine fleece linings and elastic goring for a flexible fit.	Slip on superior warmth and comfort with this shearling-lined slipper  Suede leather upper  Twin elastic side gores for a foot-hugging fit  Genuine shearling fleece lining delivers unbeatable warmth  Cushioning Memory Foam footbed  Flexible, indoor/outdoor rubber-like sole  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

This casual moc-toe oxford is outfitted on a rugged lug outsole for reliable grip and long-lasting wear.  The Detonator II features a soft suede upper with a prominent stitched toe seam and two-eyelet lacing.  A cushioned collar and padded footbed deliver added comfort.	Amp up your style with the Stacy Adams Detonator loafer. This men's casual shoe features a suede upper with moccasin-style stitching and a two-eyelet lacing system. A padded collar adds comfort. The Stacy Adams Detonator shoe is finished with a rugged rubber outsole for dependable traction.

Timeless elegance, pure luxury and legendary glamour embody the look and feel of each handbag, clutch and hobo created by designer Adrienne Vittadini. Featuring vibrant colors and prints, each piece projects a "Euro-American" point of view, combining vintage looks and tailoring with a spirited, contemporary design.

Rest comfortably in these ultra-soft slippers from Minnetonka Moccasin. Suede upper in a casual slipper style with a round moc toe. Traditional moccasin slipper styling, whip stitching, leather lacing around collar, bow at vamp. Soft lining, cushioned insole. Suede outsole.

The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey.  Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.

High-performing, versatile, style-packed skate shoe with fully functional skate features. Full-grain leather upper with removable VELCRO brand fastener strap for support and versatility. Luna Nitrocel outsole provides excellent traction, flexibility and board control. Quarter panel TPR reinforcement offers support and durability. Perforated vamp, quarter and collar panels provide breathable comfort.

Start your young athlete on the road to fitness wearing the K-Swiss Kids' Tubes 100 training shoe. A sleek synthetic upper with mesh underlays provide both support and breathability, while a cushioned insole, plus a padded tongue and collar promise all-day comfort.	Start your young athlete on the road to fitness wearing the K-Swiss Kids' Tubes 100 training shoe. A sleek synthetic upper with mesh underlays provide both support and breathability, while a cushioned insole, plus a padded tongue and collar promise all-day comfort.

A high-performance cheer shoe for tumblers and other cheer athletes seeking flex and ventilation. Ultra-light materials and flexible construction combine with sleek toe bumpers for unrestricted tumbling. Patented snap-in logos and color card systems allow up to 120 different color combinations. Dynamic Stability Control centers the heel for enhanced performance and cushion. APX cushioning absorbs impact forces and resists compression. Patented Finger Grooves scalloped arch, radiused edges, low relief sole and rear finger notch provide increased control and comfort during stunts. Outsole provides balance, traction and control. Lightweight, abrasion-resistant leather upper with water-resistant mesh is perfect for indoor or outdoor use. Waffle insole cushion and air mesh on upper provide ventilation in key areas. Midfoot and forefoot flexibility give added flex where necessary for maximum comfort and performance. Agion anti-microbial lining kills bacteria and odor for fresh, comfortable feet. Low-cut silhouette offers lightweight performance. Wt. 8.4 oz.

The sophisticated Noval oxford from Florsheim offers the latest in comfort technology with a refined, professional look. Constructed with a black leather upper and rubber bottom, this oxford features a unique Softred system with heel pod technology, a fully cushioned footbed, leather quarter linings and sock lining. Plus, they're airport-friendly, so you can skip the hassle of baring your socks when passing through airport security.	Classy casual for the man who appreciates a touch of architectural flow in his footwear. Midsole to outsole the Softred System is designed to add a spring in the step, ease stride pressure and keeps feet cool and dry with the air flow zone. Supporting this system is a dual-density polyurethane outsole with shock reduction. Leather perforations finish the details inside and out.

BEST VALUE! Magnum M1 Lite Boots * Waterproof * Steel Toe * BIG BUCKS OFF! A lot of Boot for a little loot! Waterproof nubuck leather upper; Latex-sealed seams; Slip and oil-resistant rubber outsole; ANSI 75 rated steel toe; Electrical hazard protection; EVA midsole cushions your step; Removable, mesh-lined dual-density insole with antibacterial and odor-fighting qualities; Moisture-wicking mesh-lined interior; Padded tongue and collar; 3/4 gusset; Approx. 6 1/4" h., 27 ozs. State Size. Medium width. If you need new Boots, why wait? Order ONLINE Today! Men's Magnum M1 Lite Waterproof Steel Toe Boots, Chocolate

The Mizuno Wave Nirvana 2 running shoe provides the perfect blend of support and cushioning in a package that transitions like no other. AIRmesh upper provides the utmost in breathability and comfort. Mizuno Intercool full-length midsole ventilation system reduces heat and humidity build up inside the shoe. The SmoothRide Composite Double Fan-Shaped Wave. Sensorpoint suspension system connects the Wave plate to the ground, thereby enhancing stability and traction. VS-1 shock absorbing cushioning compound in the heel and forefoot. X10 durable carbon rubber allows for longer wear in high impact areas and supplements traction at heel strike. Solid rubber/blown rubber forefoot outsole design for cushioning, flexibility and durability. Wt. 10.4 oz.

This incredible genuine napa leather organizer shoulder bag is great for anyone who likes to keep their belongings organized. The back of the bag has a pocket with a velcro closure. Open the magnetically closed flap on the front, and there are 6 more compartments, one with a zipper, to keep all of your belongings organized. The bag measures 7 1/2 inches wide, 5 inches tall and is expandable up to 3 1/2 inches deep. It`s perfect for a night on the town. This high quality leather shoulder bag makes a great gift for friends and family. They are in limited supple, and are going fast, so don`t miss out. Get yours now!

The Zephz Butterfly women's cheerleading shoes feature a high-quality synthetic upper, rubber outsole and an EVA midsole. The side "Z" is customizable with your team color.   Contact our Group & Team Sales Department at (877)504-0840 to arrange team orders on this item. Special team discounts may apply.

liner fuschia leather 90

Kenneth Cole Reactions Cedar-liscious Sandals are just the thing to take your summer wardrobe to the next level. A wedge sole picks up on one of the hottest trends in womens footwear. Woven straps on the upper add a casual twist while a buckle hits at the ankle, giving you a look thats instantly sexy. Perfect with linen slacks or a full skirt, these shoes will serve you well for all of your summer parties and evenings out on the town.	For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction to this exceptional collection.

Waterproof / breathable Gore-Tex protection and Thinsulate warmth for hard-loggin' feet! But you don't just have to wear them for logging. Georgia Boots are so well-made and so comfortable, you'll be wearing these Loggers everywhere... and for a long time. See for yourself

BCBGeneration's Dania style is an excellent choice for all seasons. A classic pump silhouette is enhanced with a slightly flared heel and a subtle platform.	Take your outfit up a notch in these fresh heels from BCBGeneration. Dania features stylish purple suede throughout. This rounded toe pump pulls it all together with a 4 inch heel and  inch platform.

If you normally carry a large, well-stocked bag, this is for you. Also good for day-trips, sight-seeing, etc.

Lafuma is Europe's leading outdoor gear, footwear and apparel manufacturer. Founded by the Lafuma brothers in 1930 in the French Alps, the company began manufacturing backpacks and quickly expanded to other categories -- producing footwear, apparel, sleeping bags and camp furniture. With its U.S. offices located in Colorado, Lafuma continues to be an innovator in both the trail running and casual footwear markets as well as with fashionable performance outerwear.

Your winter look just got a lot more glamorous. New from UGG, the Fluff Momma women's boot features 3 inches of fluffy, exposed sheepskin and a moisture-wicking sheepskin sockliner for comfort and style. The shaft is lined with brushed Nylex for added comfort while an EVA outsole provides lightweight comfort.

Steve Madden's Novo driving moccasin will be tops in your book for its classic look   and comfort. It has a traditional shape and stitching, and the extra-pliable weathered leather   upper, thickly padded insole, and rubber inset outsole will provide an unbeatably cozy stride.	Steve Madden shows their knack for cutting-edge style with this laidback, street-savvy slip-on  Soft Leather upper  Leather lining  Cushioned insole  Soft rubber driving sole

****This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.**** Straight from the Etnies skate closet comes the Etnies Callicut skate shoe. 400 NBS rubber outsole provides traction and board control. Suede, soft action or synthetic leather upper is strong and versatile. Elastic tongue-centering straps add stability. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning with removable arch support for a custom fit. Padded tongue and collar lend additional comfort and cushioning. Features the trademark Etnies light up, blinking "E" logo.

Like every Timberland product, the Timberland 6" Double Tongue casual shoe is built rugged to withstand the elements and outlast everything in your closet. Waterproof Nubuck leather upper provides comfort, durability and abrasion resistance. Rubber lug outsole delivers traction and durability. Padded collar offers a comfortable fit and keeps out debris. Rustproof hardware promotes lasting durability. Double tongue feature keeps out debris and protects laces. Embossed Timberland logos and spellouts add unique detail. Includes embossed Nubuck leather keychain.

In 1935 Paul Sperry invented the world's first and most enduring boat shoe. Where all other footwear brand have laid claim to every inch of terra firma, from the highest snowcapped peaks to the lowest desert valley, from baseball diamonds to basketball courts, Sperry Top-Sider has flourished by helping all who love the water master the world's final frontier -- the oceans, lakes and streams of Planet Earth.

The Adidas Junior University Shoe provides a union of comfort, performance and style that exceeds the needs of serious junior athletes.Features

Rangoni is Italian craftsmanship at it's best -- producing unique quality, comfort, and fit. Rangoni has been creating shoes for dress or casual wear for over 40 years.

Air Mesh upper with Internal Support Saddle. Engineered Stable-Pod(TM) midsole/outsole configuration, heel and forefoot HydroFlow. S-257(TM) midsole, S-257(TM) Cushsole. Progressive Diagonal Rollbar(TM), dual-density DRB Accel(TM). Weight 12.8 oz.

We're keen about Keen's Amsterdam shoe. That's because the Amsterdam's sloped upper and slightly-pointed toe hints at classic Dutch styling, but the real message here is athletic-inspired styling that you can wear through your urban workday or suburban telecommute from the home office. Life is too short to wear uncomfortable shoes, and you're too unique to settle for footwear that's nothing other than cookie-cutter conformity. Check out the Keen Amsterdam and give your feet a well-earned vacation.

No matter what season it is, you'll always look great wearing these Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi-Tops. Product Features

Let the good times ROAR. New Harley-Davidson Pecos Boots are BARGAIN PRICED! 100 years and still rolling with raw thunder! That's the world-famous Harley-Davidson brand name that stands for legendary performance. Just look at 'em. Their tough stance and gorgeous style tells you they're born to be wild. Whether you ride a motorcycle or dream of one, your hooves will love the solid protection and the extreme cushioning. As soon as I laid eyes on these Boots, I knew they'd be a hit. So I arranged a discount volume buy to save you big. That's more like it! Lookers

4 inch Heel Clear Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Ankle Strap.

If only everything were so poised  Crocheted stretch fabric upper  Full leather lining  Leather-covered, padded insole  Leather sole  5/8 leather-stacked heel  Elasticized insert in sling strap

More than the name of a footwear brand, Franco Sarto the man is the driving inspiration and passion behind the actual designs. By the age of 14, Sarto was working in a shoe factory where his job was to hand-last shoes with a hammer and nails. It is Sarto's start as a cobbler, and his passion as a designer that makes him a rarity in the business. He designs his shoes both with the sweat and blood of a technician and the grace and beauty of a world-renowned fashion designer. To this day, Sarto hand sketches many of his designs. Franco Sarto understands a woman's undying passion for shoes and is dedicated to keeping that passion alive by crafting beautiful shoes that bring joy to women around the world.	The modern wedge heeled sandal's adjustable ankle straps and trendy peep toe will make the perfect statement.

Send shivers down his spine in the Tingle pump from Charles David. The rhinestone-enhanced strappy upper will catch his eye, and the wrap-around ankle strap and daringly high spike heel will keep it. Don't worry

This tassel loafer from Allen Edmonds is a permanent classic. Its handsome design offers hand sewn moccasin details for uncommon luxury and traditional good looks, and the full leather linings provide an extremely comfortable fit.	Experience the look and feel of Allen-Edmonds superior fit and finish with these dress tassel loafers featuring wonderful braided trim. Smooth premium calf leather upper in a dress slip on loafer style, with a rounded toe, stitched seam moc style toe detail, and an instep overlay featuring woven panels and hand cut tassels. Woven leather collar detailing, with a soft leather lining, leather topped cushioned insole, and smooth leather outsole. 1 inch capped dress heel. Made in USA.

ToeSavers are your wish come true. At last, a compact pad that performs outstandingly alone or in combination with other forms of padding. ToeSaver are made of Gelasti, an incredibly soft, yet durable, hypoallergenic gel that soothes while providing impact protection for your toes. Give your toes the TLC they have been aching for. Color availability varies. Each package comes with 1 pair of S/M and 1 pair of M/L pads.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive hippo design is embroidered onto soft and durable grass green canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet. The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside. Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Ivory design on grass green canvas. Machine wash/dry. Gift packaging included. Imported. Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

What possible reason could you have for wanting to camouflage your feet in the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Print retro shoes? There are plenty of acceptable answers, and most likely everyone's better off not knowing what your particular need for the foot-concealing Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Print Hi is. Not every explanation is nefarious, of course. Maybe you're going hunting, or you're just self conscious about the size of your feet. Maybe it's not even about you. Maybe your feet are going hunting, or they're just self conscious about being seen with you.If you have some kind of sinister or freaky purpose for hiding your feet from plain sight in the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Print Hi, do us all a favor and keep that weirdo stuff to yourself. Nobody normal wants to have a sweet pair of shoes ruined after hearing about your invisible-foot fetish or whatever, Ok? Enjoy your shoes, sicko.

Go Out and About with this sporty slip-on from Skechers. With a leather and mesh upper, durable rubber sole, and easy on-and-off access, this slide is great for the girl on the move.	Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.

Shift into Staheekum Andro Scoggins for ultra COMFORT. BIG BUCKS OFF! Luxurious pampering! Slip into the incredible warmth and plush comfort of these genuine sheepskin-lined Andro Scoggins. A tough rubber outsole provides cushion and protection both indoors and out, so you don't have to swap footwear while making a run for the mail at the end of the driveway. Durable pigskin suede leather uppers shout style. Single eyelet lacing. 4 1/2"h., weighs a feathery 10 ozs. State Full Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order next larger full size. Get yours ONLINE for outstanding comfort! Ladies' Staheekum Andro Scoggins, Cinnamon

You're all about kicking back in comfort this weekend in Sanuk's Donna slip-on. This effortless find in festive, breathable canvas boasts understated sensibilities and a vegan-friendly construction that's good with your ethics. A rubber sole ensures you never miss a step in Sanuk.	Sing an ode to the Sanuk Donna, the most comfortable slip on in town. This women's slip on features a reduced height on the vamp to lend a feminine side. Side elastic panels provide comfort to your feet. The soft canvas lining and cushioned insole keep you happy to be on your feet. This Sanuk slip on also has a woven herringbone canvas upper. Get back to your hippie roots in the Sanuk Donna!

This is a unique small leather wallet with a rich floral embossing accented in Italian inked edge.

Slip in and be comfortable to Minus 20 Degree. No fumbling with laces! Itasca Tahoe Boots zip on fast while giving you a pac-boot warmth... comfortable down to Minus 20 Degree! More

Lightweight hikers with waterproof top-grain leather uppers keep feet dry and comfortable on the job. Breathable abrasion-resistant mesh lining also helps keep feet dry and is long lasting. Removable cushioned insole, protective rubber toe overlay. Rubber outsole provides traction and stability. Imported. WearGuard style # 4790

If comfort's an issue on the job site, lace into this steel-toed LaCrosse work boot. It combines moisture managing Hyper-dri linings, four layers of Quad Comfort technology underfoot, and a supportive nylon shank.	Full-grain leather upper with wide padded collar. Extended sizing available for women. Safety Toe.

sweater bon/bge fabric 100

An everyday shoe with comfort that can't be beat; the Men's Wolverine Neptune Durashocks Slip-On Shoes feature Wolverine DuraShocks technology that converts shock into energy to propel steps forward and provide all day comfort while combating foot and back fatigue. The oiled full grain leather uppers and the easy into slip-on style make the Neptunes a practical alternative to laces. Features like Flex-stitch hand-sewn Opanka construction for extra comfort and flexibility make the Wolverine Men's Neptune Durashocks Slip-On Shoes an obvious choice for everyday wear.

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	Establish a contemporary character in the Hillman loafer from Stacy Adams. Form-fitting contours set a tone of sophistication. Leather lining manages a comfortable interior, serving your day with confident focus.

Under Armour Boot Socks. Welt top construction for comfort and fit; Knit in arch support, reduces foot fatigue while increasing blood circulation; Built in vents for maximum foot ventilation; Fully reciprocated toe construction with flat toe seam for perfect fit; Fully cushion footbed for maximum shock absorption and protection; 86% Olefin, 13% Nylour, 1% Lycra Spandex. State Size and Color. Order Today! Under Armour Boot Sock, Single Pair

The adidas Adistar Competition 2005 men's shoes is, naturally, a great shoe for any sort of physical competition. What in life isn't a physical competition? Marathons, triathlons, even Ultimate or touch football pick-up games come to mind immediately, but that's really thinking too small. You'll be inspired to enter a 5k, sure, but you'll also get an overwhelming urge to race old ladies to the checkout lane in the grocery store. Just to be safe, you'll want to wear the The adidas Adistar Competition 2005 to scratch off lottery tickets and play board games.The Competition gives you the upper hand (or, in this case, foot) in most any contest with its patented ventilation technology and protective, durable but lightweight and flexible construction. Unless your opponent also has a pair, your feet will move easier and feel better in the adidas Adistar Competition 2005, and all that restored energy should definitely tip the odds in your favor, so much so that you'll probably want to turn everything into a competition. You'll be willing to bet anybody who comes along you can turn things into a competition better than they can.

The New Balance 575 walking shoe features a leather upper that provides natural comfort, durability and breathability. Reflective detailing adds a safety feature. ABZORB in the heel provides exceptional shock absorption. Walking Strike Path outsole stabilizes the foot through the walking gait cycle.

The cotton duck and leather upper of the men's Altama(r) Commercial Specification Jungle Boot features a coated aluminum speedhook and eyelet lacing system. The removable innersole offers cushioning, while the durable vulcanized rubber sole helps provide traction.

This running shoe sets a new standard for trail running performance. A lower profile stance, coupled with dual, independent, medial-lateral Pivot posts helps stabilize the ride in a neutral manner. The posts are shaped for adapting to, and reducing, destabilizing trail irregularities. Rock forces are kept in check under the forefoot with Brooks' unique Ballistic Rock Shield. Well-ventilated, quick-draining, quick-drying Air Mesh upper. S-257 midsole with heel and forefoot HydroFlow. HPR and Contact Rubber outsole, S-257 Cushsole. Wt. 10.5 oz.

Synthetic leather thong bandage, EVA outsole with a soft textile footbed. Imported.

Designed for the runner seeking support and structured cushioning for high-mileage training. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical SpEva(TM) midsole, Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) in rearfoot allows the foot to perform in a more natural manner, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, and DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves for rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Brand

206066LAV105 Features

Full-grain leather upper with stretchable mesh and inner bootie construction. Ortholite anti-microbial moisture wicking sockliner. Internal midsole construction with adiPRENE+ and an integrated 3D Torsion system. Non-marking rubber outsole.

Built to meet the demands of on and off road running. Synthetic leather/mesh upper, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, midfoot Trusstic System for midfoot support on uneven surfaces, DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, rubber studded outsole for durability and traction. Wt. 12.5 oz.

Tackle your outdoor projects in any weather in the men's Tractor boot from Deer Stags.  This traditional rugged outdoor boot features a waterproof upper and a Thinsulate lining for added warmth. The durable non-marking lug outsole is oil resistant and delivers reliable grip.	Deer Stags Tractor Boots... tough for tasks both big and small. SAVE BIG! There are two kinds of boots

Comfort is key in the Leisure Walker shoe from Propet. Crafted from soft, textured leather and featuring dual hook-and-loop straps for easy adjustability, this sporty sneaker is exceptionally comfortable right out of the box. Generous cushioning and shock-absorbing materials will ease your step throughout the day.	Comfort is key in the Propet Leisure Walker Strap. This men's walking shoe features a soft nappa leather upper with perforated details that offer a durable, breathable exterior. An adjustable hook-and-loop closure and a padded collar and tongue are for a personalized, comfortable fit. The full leather lining naturally wicks away moisture to promote a healthy foot environment. The removable cushioned insole offers support and comfort for all-day wear. This Propet casual sneaker also has a specially designed rubber outsole that delivers durability and traction.

Carolina 9 1/2" 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation GORE - TEX Logger Boots. Rich, brown, waterproof, full-grain leather uppers... and MORE! Like 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation and a trusted GORE-TEX waterproof, breathable membrane. Carolina hits a home run on comfort, too, with a Taibrelle lined, dual-density, shock-absorbing insole. Vibram Tacoma rubber logger outsole; Repairable leather Goodyear welt stability; Wicking Cambrelle lining keeps your feet dry and comfy; DRYZ insole for shock-absorbing cushion and wicking capability; Electrical hazard protection.; Each approx. 40 ozs.; Steel Toe Boots.; State Size. Medium width. Order Today! Men's Carolina 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation GORE-TEX Logger Boots, Brown

Rockport B-Grade East Coast Slides, SAVE BIG! Easy and breezy refreshing foot-freedom! Loaded with Rockport quality. These Slides were labeled "B Grade" due to a minor imperfection, but... comfort, durability and satisfaction are all 100% guaranteed. Premium tumbled leather uppers are soft, flexible; Rubber outsole with cushioning and sure-grip traction; Permanent, mesh-lined Dynamic Suspension footbed for total comfort; Wicking mesh lining; EVA midsole adds more "cush"; They average a light 12 ozs. apiece, no worries. State Size. Medium width. Sandal style that's East Coast smooth... order! Men's Rockport "B-Grade" East Coast Slides, Brown

The Converse Wade County basketball shoe is made for Dwyane Wade of The Miami Heat. Full-grain leather upper offers durability and style. EVA midsole provides comfort and support. Rubber outsole adds traction. Wt. 15.4 oz.

Turn heads tonight when you step out in the Electra boot from Pleaser. In synthetic, this funky offering boasts a 4.5-inch flared heel and a 1.25-inch platform for tons of curves. The lace-up detail and mid-calf silhouette might seem a little Victorian at first, but that way it's all the more fun when you prove you're not as straight-laced as you seem.	Matte black boots laced in front. Average platform heels and a 12.5 square cm.

SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.	Patent Pending Mogul Construction relieves foot stress with every step. Supple All Leather Uppers are utterly soft to the foot. Shock Resistant Soles relieve the stress and strain of daily walking. The deep, orthopedic designed cushioned foot bed makes these shoes so comfortable.

Conditioned. Everyone does their job with their own distinct style. Carhartt offers a line of athletic- and hiker-inspired footwear for you. Low, light, fast and solid describe our athletic shoes. Our higher cut hikers deliver flexible performance with an outdoor look. Carhartt, at home on the job or the field of your choice.

A Floral beautiful Clutch is a handbag you want to be seen with,its a handbag thats an unforgettable exquisite style

The Puma Men's Nepal Low is a genuine mountain cat. This rugged casual trail shoe is designed with a striking nubuck leather and nylon upper, stitched leather piece and EVA midsole and durable polyurethane outsole.

Now you can have a safety toe with western style! Let that angus bull step on your foot! Durango's 12" Safety Toe Wellington gives you an ANSI approved safety toe without giving up the western style you love. Plus all the other details that have made Durango Boot a leading name in Cowboy Boots since 1966. Details

The Reebok Core cross trainer has a leather and mesh upper with a speed lacing system that provides comfort, support and breathability. Molded sockliner gives comfort, cushioning and durability. Opti-Flex zone adds forefoot flexibility. IMEVA midsole offers cushioning. DMX Foam cushioning. Multi-surface outsole with carbon rubber heel strike delivers durable traction.

Justin 13" Bay Apache Boots. World famous for bootmaking expertise... the Justin Boots company has been the standard of the west since 1879. These Boots are the most durable and comfortable around

Soft, full-grain leather upper with perforated underlay quarter panels. Latex sockliner provides comfort and cushioning. Double-lasted construction offers lateral stability. Internal IMEVA midsole adds cushioning and support. Herringbone traction rubber outsole.

Bite designs footwear as equipment for your feet -- technically superior for specific activities. The focus is on function not form, innovating instead of following. Bite's aim is to inspire maximum performance by providing the comfort, fit, and feel necessary to excel.	Bite Mens X-Golf OS Golf Sandals feature

When winter is at its worst, turn to this Toe Warmers guaranteed waterproof boot  Pile lining keeps warmth in  Heat reflecting insole  Front zip closure  Slip-resistant, rubber-like wedge sole  Guaranteed waterproof  1-1/8" at the heel  Made in Canada

The Rockport Men's Solicitor Oxford is a stylish wig tip from Rockport. It is great for the office or going out to dinner. Calf skin leather uppers that are soft and pliable provide quality comfort and style. The PU Kinetic Air Circulator footbed offers durable cushioning and patent active air-circulating technology. The California construction provides forefoot flexibility to aid the walking motion. It features a removable footbed, a full grain leather upper is easy to clean and maintain, a fiberlon shank support that provides lightweight midfoot support, and is airport friendly.

Women's Reebok Wedge Athletic Shoes. Leather and synthetic leather uppers are tough but flexible. Rubber outsole for making your moves. TPU plate for stability and EVA midsole for cushion. Wicking fabric lining. Padded tongue and collar. Each approx. 4 1/2"h., 11 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Quick! Women's Reebok Wedge Athletic Shoes, Black

Supernova

Winter Mountain Shoe. NEW - Competition Sole and Outlast Thermal Management Material. Neoprene cuff with VELCRO closure. Billow between tongue and upper for optimal seal. Three VELCRO straps. Molded plastic heel cup. Toe Spike Compatible.

Great for skate or casual wear, the Globe Conflict features molded rubber quarter and heel panels for abrasion resistance. Hostile outsole provides exceptional traction and enhanced board control. Suede/synthetic/mesh or action leather/synthetic/mesh upper offers comfort, breathability and great style.

The name says it all  the Classic II from Eastland is a true classic. The polished loafer lines will complement any career-ready ensemble, yet also work well on weekends with khakis and a crisp white blouse. A padded footbed welcomes you into the supple leather upper, plus the rubber outsole is both lightweight and flexible for day-long ease. Hand-sewn from a single piece of leather, this loafer will last.	The Eastland Classic III is the classic penny loafer. Set in a rich quality leather upper with moc-toe stitching, this Eastland shoe has the good looks you want. The comfort rubber unit sole and cushioned innersole for shock absorption provide you with the utmost comfort as you cruise in style in this women's shoe. A timeless classic, you're sure to love the Eastland Classic II.

The Mary Jane is a Mary Jane Comfort Shoe by Crocs. The Mary Jane is available in the Colors Black, Choc, Pink, Army, Gold, Orng, Red, Pearl White, Navy, Celer, Lavender, Seafo, Slv and Fusch. This Crocs Mary Jane is available in size . This Womens Mary Jane has all the comfort you are looking for and expect from Crocs in a rainbow of colors. Single strap goes over the top of the foot and a comfort strap for behind the foot. looking for and expect from Crocs in a rainbow of colors. Single strap goes over the top of the foot and a comfort strap for behind the foot.

Cordless / Rechargeable / Double for Black or Brown Shoes / Compact Great for Travel / Storage Pouch On/Off switch Soft grip back with burgundy cover Chrome plated accents Operates at 3 Volts using 2 AA batteries (not included)

For entry-level volleyball players and general indoor court activities such as racquetball, squash and badminton. Synthetic leather upper. CMEVA midsole with forefoot GEL Cushioning System offers increased protection from peak impact forces. NC Rubber outsole enhances traction on indoor surfaces.

Time's ticking on these Reebok Athletics, at THIS LOW PRICE! Here they are, in wide sizes

Modern technology allows Romika to create this outrageously responsive boot.

The Duck Head Brand has been on the market without interruption for over 135 years, since 1865, and it's one of the most consumer-recognized brands in the country. You will find the Duck Head Label on quality shoes and apparel in the casual workplace as well as on virtually every high school and college campus in the country.

Synthetic leather upper with Memory Foam, ISS (Internal Saddle System), hidden eyerow webbing, lateral/medial quarter strap. EVA midsole, stiff TP stroble board. Molded traction outsole with blade cleats.

Very elegant open-toe stiletto with multi-banded elastic ankle straps for snug fit, easy-zip closed back, and crisscrossed strappy vamp and sexy enamel coated heel.. Hot Fash is the hip fashion brand for sexy high heels, trendy boots,  fashionable pumps, stylish sandals, and all the latest hot club styles.

coyl black paris 90

One of 2 combines the hip fashion of the best European designs with terrific value. The shoes are made with fine Italian leathers-as well as all leather lining for great comfort and quality. Sold throughout Europe in the best young boutiques.

Jessica Simpson is famous for her fun, sexy style, and now her signature line of footwear, handbags, and sunglasses brings that same style home to you. From fun western boots to the latest dressy and casual looks, Jessica Simpson shoes, handbags, and sunglasses are where it's at for fun, flirty and fabulous fashion!

You know how long and tiring a work day can be  this WORK AMERICA boot is designed to keep up with your demands  Full grain water-resistant leather upper resists barnyard acids  FOOTONIC II contoured, cushioned insert is removable  Urethane sole is oil-resistant  Goodyear welt construction

WORK AMERICAs rugged leather work oxford is perfect for your demanding work conditions									Moisture-resistant leather upper									Abrasion-resistant, multi-density, shock-reduction Responder II sole									MAXUM insert for slip-resistance									Leather quarter lining									Padded collar for ankle support						;if (typeof amznJQ === "undefined") { } else { amznJQ.onReady('JQuery', function() { setTimeout(function() {if(msa.Vowels) { var amzvowels = new msa.Vowels(jQuery,16,["ec2.images-amazon.com","ec3.images-amazon.com", "ec5.images-amazon.com"],5,'1CPBDA61K4W9ZFVX72CX', ["z-ec3.images-amazon.com", "z-ak.images-amazon.com" ], "images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com", ["1820", "3320", "7470", "14730"], ["1820B","3320B","7470B","14730B","1","2","3","4","5","6","7","8","9","10","14","15","17","18","19","20","21","22","23"], 50, 50, 100); amzvowels.initializeAndStart(); }}, 8000)}); }

NEW Puma Nepal Low, BIG BUCKS OFF! Nepal, a landlocked Himalayan country in South Asia. Now enter Puma Nepal Athletic-inspired Casuals. These 2-toned go-getters are as comfortable as they are stylish. Hip BIG BUCKS OFF too, due to a mini change-over. Distressed leather and breathable nylon uppers; Cushioning dual-density rubber outsole really grips; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Permanent, padded, polyester-lined insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; Each approx. 4 1/4"h., 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order up now! Men's Puma Nepal Low Casuals, Brown / Beige

A wildly successful brand in Europe, Apepazza made its American debut in 2005. Founded in 1983 in Padova, Italy, Apepazza is famous for its unusual materials, international influences and precise attention to details. Sophisticated, eclectic and original, Apepazza is designed and made for the fashion-creative woman with a keen sense of individual style. Never a follower, the Apepazza woman is master and creator of her own image.

The Aquatalia by Marvin K. collection is manufactured in Italy and is dedicated to making great looking footwear with the performance and comfort you've come to expect. This is intelligent footwear that's engineered to perform. Aquatalia represents the best combination of fashion, comfort and technology available in the market today.	Sleek and sexy mid-calf boot. Choose between weatherproof suede or metal leather uppers. Inside zipper for easy on/off. Plaid lining. Padded thermal insole. Stacked leather heel. Leather sole with rubber insert.

Our premium Luvable Friends layette collection of unique baby clothing and baby care products features 100% combed cotton interlock for the softest touch on your baby's gentle skin. Our cap and booties will keep your baby warm and cozy. A woven Baby patch and simple stripe allow you to mix and match the rest of your baby's outfit with ease. Please note, this item tends to run small. We suggest using for babies 0-6 months.

Keep up with the action in this cool cross-trainer from New Balance that offers clean, crisp styling and a feel-good fit.  Smooth leather upperDesigned with a comfort insole that provides flexibility Outsole offers superior traction

UNIONBAY has developed stylish, high quality products for the tween to twenty-something audience for over 25 years. UNIONBAY brings the wearer a careful balance of fashion forward trends and core basics in understandable and wearable styles. The Unionbay customer loves fun fashion, and turns to UNIONBAY for edgy, yet wearable styles.

BlackHawk Warrior Wear Desert Ops Boots - Desert Tan, 9 Medium, 83BT02DE-9M

Mizuno's global Crew21 initiative ensures production of Earth friendly materials.

After ending a hard day's work, the first thing you'll want to do is slip on this leather clog from Tamarac by Slippers International. The warm wooly linings and memory foam insole hug your tired feet in all the right places. The flexible rubber outsole provides indoor and outdoor versatility, and the roomy toe provides added comfort.	A warm, wooly lining and a memory foam insole provide added comfort to the Scuffy clog slipper from Tamarac by Slippers International.

Exchange by Charles David presents fun, chic styling in the Prankster wedge sandals. Featuring fabric and leather uppers, rope-lined wedges heels and an adjustable buckle on the ankle strap, these fun and flirty strappy sandals are a must-have for every fashion footwear collection.	Playful wedge that can be worn with jeans, dresses or skirts.		Textile and leather upper.		Strappy bands at vamp.

A precise yet powerful low-profile a3 midsole gives the adidas Future Ride running shoe the perfect blend of bounce and flexibility with minimum weight. Leather upper adds comfort and breathability. Full-length a3 TPU plate provides dynamic cushioning. adiWEAR outsole offers best durability in high wear areas. Wt. 13.2 oz.

WE WHO SEE PATENT KITTEN HEEL * UPPER--PATENT LEATHER * MEDIUM WIDTH 1.75" HEEL HEIGHT * IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $48.00NOW -

The 7th generation of what many runners consider to be the best overall training shoe ever. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low-light conditions. External molded heel counter adds maximum support. Molded OrthoLite antimicrobial moisture-wicking sockliner. Full-forefoot adiPRENE+ offers propulsion and efficiency. 3D Torsion System delivers enhances midfoot integrity. adiPRENE brings protection from harmful impact forces. Midfoot second density inserts help reduce overpronation. Decoupled heel helps deflect impact shock. QuickStrike(TM) gives lightweight durability and flexibility.  Weight 10.8 oz.

The Carlos Santana Sparkle shoes feature a(n) patent leather upper with a(n) open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in Brazil.

Thought you knew Birkenstock? Well, put away your granola and take a second look because this version has graduated from college with the addition of  contoured patent, yes patent, leather straps. Now you can experience the beloved Birkenstock comfort and quality with an extra touch of flare when you sport the Sydney Birko-Flor.	You'll be begging to wear the Birkenstock Sydney when the weather is warm! The comfort of these Birkenstock sandals will have you smiling all summer long. Set in a Birko-Flor upper, this classic two strap design features adjustable buckles for a custom fit. This leather-like upper is perched atop the original Birkenstock footbed of sustainable cork, featuring pronounced arch support, a deep heel cup and a roomy toe box and covered with a suede liner.  The footbed of this women's sandal molds and shapes to your foot for unparalleled comfort. Get out there in comfort and classic style in the Birkenstock Sydney.

These ultra comfortable loafers radiate cool, self-assurance. Dressed alongside slacks and chinos, the Urbino Tassel Loafer will get you the attention you deserve. Handcrafted in Italy, these leather-lined loafers feature raised stitching and tassels for added eye-appeal.	Handsewn Italian moccasin style boot. Full leather linings. Inserito stitching. Rounded edge leather sole. Combination leather/rubber heel.

The open-weave mesh upper on the Reebok Premier Road Lite DMX III running shoe provides breathability and support. Play Dry lining gives moisture management. 3M Scotchlite material adds night running safety. CMEVA midsole with dual-density medial stability post. 3D Ultralite delivers lightweight, natural footstrike. DMX Shear offers vertical/horizontal cushioning and reduces stress of heel impact. Carbon rubber heel strike. Wt. 9.3 oz.

The K-Swiss Albury II men's classic shoe features a chic, retro style for on and off the court. The signature stitched-on stripe detailing and embroidered logo accents provide the style you love, and the two-tone metal D-Ring lacing system ensures a lockdown fit.

An adidas original since 1969, the Superstar I men's retro shoes are a timeless classic that is a must-have for anyone who appreciates great footwear. Rather than ask you IF you have a pair of adidas Superstars, we'd rather ask how many you have. Seriously, if you haven't added this piece of footwear history to your repertoire, then the time has definitely come. Available in a myriad colors and styles, some with special graphics and subtle design touches, the adidas Superstar I men's retro shoes are the real deal.We suggest getting a pair for every day of the week. If you want, you can even write which day to wear them in the tongue or insole, but that might be a little too straight-laced. Go ahead and flip it up; wear whichever pair completes your mood for the day. After all, the Superstars were the premier retro shoes for players that showed as much individuality on the court as you show on the street, so they're ready to show their style at your whim. Are you ready to be a Superstar?

205100SLG085 Features

In the card game Crazy Eights, the 8 is a wild card, to be used however you want. The adidas Crazy 8 men's basketball shoes were designed for the court, not the card table (there are sadly few shoes made specifically to play cards in). They're still a wild card, however. Using the adidas Crazy 8 as a basketball shoe is a no-brainer, of course. The breathable, structurally sound upper and friction-resisting bootie construction will give you plenty of comfort and support on the court, and the sole is designed specifically for great traction on the hardwood.You can (and you will) wear the adidas Crazy 8 out of the locker room after the game, because this wild card can be played as a great casual shoe, too. Wild card; wild colors. Coincidence? We think not, buddy. The comfort features work just as well off the court, and the Crazy 8's distinctive style will give anything you wear a unique touch that is guaranteed to turn heads. Hey, these were Kobe Bryant's kicks when he first stepped into the NBA. There's your ace in the hole. Well played.

Who says a casual look can't be dramatic as well? Have the best of both worlds in White Mountain's Carly sandal. This weekend-worthy style wins with an understated leather upper that's kept perfectly intriguing thanks to surprising lines and contrast stitching. A contoured footbed and a very subtle wedge grant you miles and miles of style in White Mountain.	Take a unique approach to casual styling in the soothing White Mountain Carly sandals.  Leather upper in a casual thong sandal style with a round open toe.  Diagonal strap across vamp with contrast stitching.   Leather thong toe post.  Adjustable strap has attractive large buckle closure.  Smooth leather lining, textured pods at forefoot and heel on soft, contoured footbed.  Flexible cork midsole, textured rubber outsole for traction.

sweater babyblue fabric 50

The RYK N-Gage running shoe offers premium cushioning and rebound for a high arch/supinator. Synthetic/mesh upper adds lightweight breathability and support. Removable Nitracel sockliner adds cushioning and comfort. Exposed full-foot Nitracel Engage provides premier cushioning. TPU shank adds midfoot support and stability.  Wt. 9.8 oz.

Whether youre a true Highlander or just a guy kicking back on the weekend, this slipper is for you. The sheepskin construction, with its furry lining, delivers the ultimate in warmth and comfort. Best of all, the outsole is substantial enough for light outdoor use.	You'll want to start and end every day in this slipper's soothing comfortHandsewn suede leather upperShearling fleece and wool lining for warmthThickly padded footbed includes a layer of Memory FoamIndoor/outdoor rubber-like soleAvailable in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

More stability and control in even the roughest terrain. This is the Boot to wear when every step counts. Hi-Tec V-lite Fastpack Hikers use a countoured lasting board to give you unmatched control over the boot as you step. More stability for more secure hiking. Plus all 31 years of Hi-Tec's footwear knowledge in every stitch. Here's the details

The adidas T-MAC III is the core baller's basketball shoe. Leather upper with stretch mesh. Double-lasted EVA midsole with adiPRENE+ forefoot cushioning, Torsion System midfoot stability, shock-absorbing adiPRENE heel. Non-marking carbon rubber outsole. Wt. 17.0 oz.

liner turq leather 70

liner turq leather 75

The Arcopedico Queen II is set in a supple Italian leather upper to give your feet the royal treatment. An anatomic footbed provides proper weight distribution, while extra heel cushioining and superior arch support allow for maximum comfort. The longitudinal andmetatarsal arch supports of this Arcopedico slip-on cradle the foot, evenly distributing bodyweight for less pressure on your joints, and won't break down overtime, unlike foam supports.A toggle on the vamp gives accent to this women's slip-on. You'll feel like royalty in the Arcopedico Queen II!

100% cotton canvas, heavy enzyme-washed, cotton webbing straps, zippered front pocket, 14 1/2"W x 17 1/2"H.

Take a few steps back in time in the New Balance 574. Originally a performance running shoe, this casual sport shoe combines vintage styling with a leather, suede or patent leather upper for natural comfort, breathability and classic style. EVA midsole adds cushioning and stability. Solid rubber outsole provides traction and durability. Padded tongue and collar for comfort.

We took a vintage Doctor Bag and simplified it to create the Ciabatta. We ended up with the perfect accessory for daily jaunts - either to the store or to the office! The Ciabatta comes in four colors - Vecchio Brown, Olive Brown, Blu, and Tuscan Red. The interior is lined with the same soft, yellow-plaid breathable cotton that has been so popular with our luggage. The top swings open for easy access to all of your accessories and has a locking buckle strap to secure it. From camera equipment, to Blackberries, to make-up - the Ciabatta can find a use for any lifestyle. Ciabatta is handmade in Tuscany using Italian polished calf-skin leather and old world craft methods. The result is a rugged yet supple leather bag with unquestionable quality and durability.

Steve Madden, the footwear fashion mogul of the 21st century, has immersed his company into virtually every aspect of the fashion industry.  With his primary success and initial endeavor as a shoe designer, he has now expanded into other accessories such as handbags, belts, socks, dresses, watches and outerwear. The first Steve Madden shoes spoke to a young woman's independence, and today his handbags speak to that same "grown up" woman. As the Madden girl has matured and evolved, so has the brand; the sophisticated Steven by Steve Madden line represents a lifestyle. It is about embracing fashion, style and color while still maintaining that funky independence that first defined the brand 15 years ago.

For the elite and would-be elite. This super-efficient lightweight shoe is engineered for athletes running at a faster pace, relative to their everyday pace. Synthetic leather and breathable mesh upper. A full-length SpEVA midsole provides enhanced responsiveness and shock attenuation and heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems add shock attenuation at initial impact and propulsion phase. An extended Trusstic System allows greater forefoot flexion, yielding a more efficient propulsion phase. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) enhances the foot's natural gait from heel-to-toe. The DuoSole outsole with an AHAR carbon rubber heel plug offers greater forefoot flexion. Weight 10.1 oz.

CONVERSE HIGHTOPS * UPPER--CANVAS* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH * IMPORT

Detergent free cleane for all footwear.

Features of the Posey Fall Management Slippers

duke black pulsar 55

duke black pulsar 50

A versatile trainer with dual density medial post and ABZORB, providing a combination of support and cushioning for the mild-to-moderate overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper provides breathable comfort with reflective details for safety. ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption. Stability Web lends superior midfoot support while reducing overall weight. Molded EVA midsole conforms to foot while providing a lightweight, cushioned ride. N-Durance rubber outsole delivers maximum durability in high-wear areas. Medial post offers pronation control.

Black Pu Spider Web Bag With Spider Ornament. 11 In By 8.5 In By 2.25 In

Touch Ups handbag, Victoria, is unforgettable. This ivory seashell-inspired clutch is covered with intricate beading. Purse is complete with beautiful closure.

Kick "Old Man Winter" down the stairs with ultra-warm Danner Pronghorn GTX Boots! I admit... that's not exactly hospitable treatment... then again, Old Man Winter's not a very hospitable fellow. So go ahead, put a boot in his behind courtesy of these Danner Pronghorns. Simply put, they're some of the best cold-weather hunting Boots money can buy. Toe-saving 1,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation keeps the heat on, no matter how low the mercury plunges. Plus, like their namesake, these babies are lightweight and agile, allowing you to stay spry as a jackrabbit despite the bitter cold. More

Meow! Stuart Weitzman's Jean wedge offers easy allure as soon as you slip into it. The fabric upper is adorned with a bold leopard print, and features a peep-toe and slingback, while a cork-covered wedge gives you an on-trend boost that will look great paired with your favorite skirt or dress.	Stuart Weitzman has built a reputation for its creative use of unique materials in footwear and accessories and for its attention to quality. Stuart Weitzman has earned accolades from both the design world and legions of diverse fans, including some of the top celebrities across the globe. His shoes and accessories are a familiar sight at events like the Oscars and the Emmys.

The New Balance 575 walking shoe features a leather upper with a Velcro closure that provides natural comfort, durability and breathability. Reflective detailing adds a safety feature. ABZORB in the heel provides exceptional shock absorption. Walking Strike Path outsole stabilizes the foot through the walking gait cycle.

The adidas Garnett II Team  basketball shoe features a full-grain leather upper with an internal bootie and an integrated fit system. a3 Energy-Management System comprised of polyurethane components for cushioning guidance and stability. adiPRENE+, Torsion System. Non-marking, high-traction rubber outsole. Wt. 19.6 oz.

White/Silver will be available to ship at the beginning of April. Lightweight molded synthetic upper. Harmonix technology in the heel for ultimate combination of stability and cushioning. Dual-density compression molded EVA midsole provides custom cushioning in high stress areas. Wrapped construction for better court feel. Internal midfoot shank provides torsional control and midfoot support. Non-marking rubber outsole with unique pattern that provides traction in all directions.

coyl white paris 55

coyl white paris 50

Go for an modern look with these cuffed mid-calf boots! Pointy toe design on a sexy stiletto heel. Cute and comfortable to wear, this is the perfect compliment to all your outfits!  Pull up design with straps and buckle accents add a unique touch!

Keep on Truckin' in this boot from Durango. The no-nonsense design offers just enough detail to create a true Western look.	The Durange TR762 boot features a cowboy heel, #3 toe, oil-resistant outsole, cushioned insole, and leather lining for comfort and durability.

CLEARANCE,Pleaser,4" Heel*FRESH-31, 4" Open Toe Strappy Ankle Wrap SandalAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Tony Perotti Leather Bi-Fold Wallet with ID Flap. The Prima Bi-Fold with ID Flap has a style and quality that can only be achieved by Tony Perotti and Genuine full-grain Italian Leather. The Prima Bi-Fold with ID Flap, from our Green Collection, has an ID window flap, multiple credit card and receipt slots and plenty of room for currency too. The Italian Master Tanners from Tony Perotti have developed a complete vegetable tanning technique which respects the environment. Crafted from ultra-durable Italian full-grain leather and hand-dyed using an eco-friendly tanning process, the Green Collection from Tony Perotti is renowned for its uniqueness and outstanding quality! Product Features

These lightweight Dr. Martens 8933 NS 4 Tie Oxfords stand up to heavy use on the job.Welted construction water-resistant Volcano leather upper4-eyelet lace-up front with double metal securing hooks, padded collar and tongueAir Wair moisture-wicking lining and cushioning insoleShock-absorbing grooved midsoleEH electrical hazard resistantSlip- and oil-resistant PVC traction outsole

Get the best of both worlds in this slip-resistant slip-on. The Skidbuster 110 combines comfort and protection with a thin, ergonomically-designed safety toe and ballistic mesh for added strength. With full-grain, water-resistant black leather, this highly durable slip-on goes great with work or casual clothes.	The Nautilus N110 features a lightweight ANSI rated composite safety toe. Composite safety toes do not conduct cold or heat and will not set off metal detectors. Additionally, the safety toe used in this shoe is ergonomically designed to fit wider to give you assurance that this toe cap will not rub your toes or feet which is a real concern for many working people.This Nautilus shoe features one of the highest slip resistant outsoles available to give you more safety value while working on the job. These outsoles are very durable and are oil resistant. The EVA midsole is lightweight and will help to cushion your feet while providing the support your feet need.The full grain leather uppers are water resistant to give you some protection should your job put you in the way of moisture. The insides of theses work shoes are lined with a breathable air mesh to help keep your feet cooler. Manufactured Sizes

Zip into the town and country style of the Hugo boot from Florsheim. Perfect for weekend wear or dressy-casual days at the office, this smooth leather boots hidden goring and leather outsole give it certain up-style finesse. Its ankle height pairs beautifully with denim, gabardine, and everything in between.	The Hugo Boot from Florsheim is a sophisticated boot that's equally at home in the office or in more casual environments. With a plain toe, a softly milled leather upper, a cushioned footbed, and a soft sheepskin lining, the Hugo is as comfortable as it is handsome.

It's never too early to start dreaming of NBA greatness. Start small, dream big with the adidas T-MAC 6 basketball shoe. Synthetic upper. EVA insole gives comfort. adiFIT length measuring tool helps ensure accurate size and fit. Injected EVA midsole provides long-term lightweight cushioning. Non-marking, rubber adiWEAR outsole delivers best durability in high wear areas. Wt. 10.8 oz.

Jennifer Lopez has always incorporated her sense of style into every aspect of her life. In 2001, Jennifer fulfilled one of her greatest fantasies when she launched her signature collection of sportswear, JLO by Jennifer Lopez. Jennifer Lopez started the trend of celebrity fashion brands and has made her sense of style and fashion available to women throughout the world.

This hand woven tote is ideal for shopping, picnics, the beach or other family outings.

SUGAR WHALE HI-TOP * UPPER--CANVAS* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH .75" HEEL HEIGHT * CLEAN WITH DAMP CLOTH* IMPORT * SIZE 7 WILL SHIP AFTER 12/1

Sebago's Spinnaker brings a new twist to the classic boat style. Vibrant colors make this standard shoe pop, while its classic slotted collar and stitching keep a sophisticated feel. A padded footbed and grippy rubber sole add practicality so that you can set sail in style.	Get stand - out colors and handsewn for a fit that's second to none. Boat shoe styling is always in style. And the Sebago Spinnaker gives you this style plus genuine moccasin construction that wraps the foot in a single piece of leather. Creates a fit that's uniquely your own. Handsewn blucher moccasin construction... true old-world craftsmanship; Distressed full-grain leather upper; Sebago Docksiders non-slip rubber boat outsole; Functional rawhide laces; Leather socklining; Littleway stitching; Padded tongue; Each approx. 12 ozs. Experience the handsewn difference. State Size, Width and Color. Order Today! Ladies' Sebago Spinnaker Boat Shoe

DEMONIA,Men's/Unisex,GothDARE-209, 3 1/2" P/F Blk Pu Knee BootsAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.This style comes in mens size. The size difference between men and women is 2, so if you want women size 8, you should choose size 6 here.

Keep your PAWS warm in these comfortable suede boots with a soft sheepskin lining! The top can be rolled down to reveal the inner shearling lining for a chic look. A must-have for womens winter footwear! The Bearpaw Dream 405 boots are available in 8", 10", and 12" heights and a wide array of colors. Shipping

The Puma 500 mid-cut version is for the motorbike enthusiast who wants to make a strong statement and differentiate his style. Full-grain leather "fingers" upper. Distressed suede leather base and lace cover. Rubber outsole.

Capezio's Fierce dance sneaker is ready for any serious dance session. The lightweight design features a flat, boxed toe for easier toe stands, premium arch support, padded linings, and comes with two sets of laces so that you can change up your look.	Synthetic leather and tech-mesh upper. Flat, boxed toe for toe stands. Split sole design for flexibility and foot articulation. PU outsole with built-in patented flex points and forepart spin spot. Superior built in arch support system. Padded tongue, collar, and foam padding throughout. Speed looped lacing system with poly/cotton laces. Contoured, cushioned, removable EVA footbed. Padded Achilles notch. Pull tab. White colorway is completely white. Soles designed to be non-marking for most applications. Also available in adult sizes. Well padded throughout so dancer may need to go up 1/2 size. Begin with street shoe size. Please note that children's shoes are cut wider and a size 1 child is equivalent to a size 3 adult.

hether black leather 75

hether black leather 70

Cat PURSUIT OXFORD- Steel Toe- Style P89296- In pursuit of a rugged hiker with steel toe protection? - Look no further- ASTM F2413-05 I/75 C/75 steel toe- Electrical Hazard- Slip resistant- Trubuc/Wolverine Performance Leather Upper- Nylon mesh lining for breathability- Cement construction lends enhanced flexibility to the rubber outsole- Cat Steel Toe boots and shoes are rated ASTM F2413-05 I/75 C/75 - the highest available strength for impact and compression.- Cat footwear with Slip Resistant soles reduces the risk of slips and falls - the hazard of low traction surfaces.- Cat Electrical Hazard footwera is rated ASTM F2413-05 1/75 EH. Special EH construction protects the wearer against open circuits up to 14,000 volts in dry conditions.s.- New

Red Wing Casual Moc - toe 3 - eyelet Shoes are SUPER comfortable. Steppin' out

Capezio's Half Sole Sandasol gives you the barely-there feel that you love. The shoe is made of suede from the inside out, and elastic straps hold it comfortably in place.	Silky suede upper and insole Half-sole completely covers the ball of the foot Thong design fits between the big toe and the second toe Short elastic straps on the instep and at the heel hug the foot Lyrical, modern, contemporary, liturgical shoe for protection and a barely there look Also available in child sizes Women 2-3 sizes down from street shoe size men 1 size down from street shoe size

Caterpillar is an authentic work brand with over 100 years of dedication to jobsite performance. As strong and powerful as the equipment that shares its name, CAT Footwear helps you tackle life head on - when hard at work on the jobsite or off. This boot features tumbled leather uppers, soft moisture wicking nylon mesh lining, removable contoured insole, oil, heat, slip and abrasion resistant outsole, repairable Goodyear welt construction, and four D-loop and four speed hook lacing system. Shaft height 4". Heel height 1 1/4". Style Name

The ideal lightweight performance training shoe.  Full-grain leather and mesh upper adds breathability. CMEVA iCELL midsole provides maximum cushioning and flexibility. EverTrack multi studded outsole offers superior traction and stability. Wt. 13.7 oz.

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.	Sorel's entry level cold weather kid's boot. Everything you need and nothing you don't, this boot is at home everywhere the weather is cold. A nylon insulated boot with Sore's hallmark rubber shell and rubber lug outsole for winter traction.

Waterproof leather uppers and a rubber outsole make this durable Clarks sandal ideal for active outdoor use.  The Clarks Biofix features a molded EVA midsole with Active Air system absorbs shock and returns energy to reduce body fatigue. The neoprene padded straps of this men's sandal buffer the foot from irritations and absorb moisture. Comfortable and practical, you'll love the chic waterproof leather Clarks Biofix.

jumpp green fabric 55

sweater black fabric 110

The Premier Tie Lock provides the ultimate way to secure your tie without visible tie bars or pins. This single silver tie lock comes in its own ready to wrap gift box and includes an instruction book and polishing cloth. The Tie Lock is one of the easiest ways to enhance your professional appearance, in a modern and stylish way. The professional man can finally have a perfectly straight necktie without causing damage to his tie or dressing in out-of-date styles. Works with your clothing and is simple to use; no holes, creases, etc. in your necktie. It works on every man's necktie and dress shirt. Most importantly, it is invisible when worn. The Tie Lock enhances your style without detracting from it. Silver refers to color only.

Born on the West Coast in 1998, the Gordon Rush signature label has redefined men's classic contemporary style. As an entrepreneur, designer and artist, Gordon Rush has been influenced by both European and Asian cultures, yet his creations are fresh, contemporary and distinctly American. As a premium men's lifestyle brand, Gordon Rush brings his vision of understated luxury to the men's market. Initially focused on men's footwear and accessories, Gordon Rush built his reputation on his attention to detail, uncompromising commitment to quality and innovative design.

If your personal style is all about being bold, then this is the boot for you. The ultra-high platform offers an exaggerated edge, while unique seaming offers cool texture.	Alternative, defiant and nonconforming enthusiasts look no further than Demonia for the most cutting-edge, beyond the ordinary line of footwear. The demonic diva connotation is by no means gender exclusive. Demonia not only reflects the alternative, und

AK Anne Klein offers an impressive footwear collection offering unparalleled variety in an extensive range of sizes, colors, and styles that give each shoe a unique style and character. AK Anne Klein footwear provides fashion, quality, and comfort at an affordable price point that's perfect for every modern woman's lifestyle.

Put some zoom in your look. The Ballistic's upper breathes to give you comfort while it supports your foot. The sculpted EVA midsole provides lightweight cushioning and a padded foam sockliner adds even more comfort. Plus, the high-abrasion rubber outsole will last mile after mile.	Men's Reebok CL Ballistic EXT

You'll be walking lighter than air in the Santa Clara slip-on from Softwalk.  With pillows of cushioning encompassed within the footbed, you'll hardly notice when you've been on-the-go for hours. Its easy, slip-on style, also, will make your movements more stylish AND more convenient.	SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.

The original Kaepa two-lace leather tennis shoe, introduced in the mid-70s, provides two independent fit adjustments. The independent lower vamp is laced to hug your forefoot with a snug, slip-free fit. The separate upper vamp is laced to secure your instep, arch and heel. Full-grain leather upper, EVA midsole with a molded rubber outsole. Double laces for better fit and metal eyelets for durability. Embroidered logos. A truly custom fit that lasts the lifetime of the shoe and a timeless design that never goes out of style.

They say they make most people look slimmer.  They say the make ballplayers more intimidating, at least in New York.  Pinstripes make a suit more formal.  So...which is it?  Want to be slim, menacing or formal?  Woven upper, vulcanized rubber outsole.

jumpp black fabric 80

A technical running shoe designed for the runner seeking the optimal blend of cushioning, support and overall comfort. SpEVA midsole offers increased shock attenuation and durability. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) encourages natural gait while allowing for natural foot movement from heel strike to toe-off. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems. DuoMax medial post maintains proper support. Dual-density DuoTruss System links rearfoot and forefoot and provides midfoot support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug add flexibility and durability. Wt. 9.8 oz.

jumpp black fabric 85

Western Chief Steel Toe Slip - ons, BIG BUCKS OFF! Lace-free armored protection, now in a Slip-on! Because stomped-on toes hurt like the dickens. Move out with these Western Chief Steel Toe steppers for all-day comfort. Excess means SAVINGS! Full-grain leather uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Shock-absorbing EVA midsole; Removable, mesh-lined, dual-density insole for ultra comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Dual gore panels for a custom fit; ANSI 75 rated steel toe; Rear pull-on loop. Each approx. 2 1/2"h., 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Up! Men's Western Chief Steel Toe Slip-ons, Brown

iglou black suede 50

Capezio's Tapster is a great beginner's shoe. The lace-up design offers a custom fit and has a foam footbed for keeping them light on their feet. A rubber patch on the sole offers a non-slip grip.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

The PRO-Keds by Rocawear Court King has a full-grain leather upper with friction foxing tape and a new-wave rubber toe design. Lighter, slimmer construction in uni-sex sizing. Natural rubber outsole.

rowdie black leather 90

High traction Panama tread rubber soles are oil resistant; smooth leather toe and heel reinforcements take a great shine; screen vents and canvas/nylon uppers stay cool and dry quickly. These boots represent a reasonable value for normal wear and tear, a

rowdie black leather 95

Four-way Activo leather upper with air mesh and heel counter, LightStrike EVA midsole, nylon six-spike plate. Comes with set of spikes and wrench. Wt. 6.0 oz.

League players will find that the Mary offers classic good looks and comfort, with exceptional performance features to help you elevate your game.

The Grasshopper sneaker from Ipath was designed and made with wisdom and balance. Its highly original, logoed upper looks good, but it's got substance, too. The dual lacing and Velcro-strap closure, in conjunction with the thickly padded collar and tongue, will support and protect your foot. The logo-treaded outsole, though, has both

Why should big kids have all the fun? Your little cowboy will be hootin and hollerin with the big boys in the Harness bootie from Frye. A substantial shaft supports new walkers, while a soft suede bottom delivers slip-resistant traction. An easy wide Velcro closure promises no-tears dressing.	The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey.  Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.

Andre Assous classic espadrille, natural jute wedge, 2 1/4" at rear, 3/4" up front. Fabric upper, cotton ankle wrap. Made in Spain.

Justin 10" Basic Ropers. Do away with the "bad and the ugly" and just give you "the good!" Mount up! Actually, nevermind "good," these Western beauties are great! Back when founder HJ Justin founded the company over 100 years ago, he made the statement that's still the Justin creed of quality today

Lily Waters has fashioned a casual, easy tote you'll adore. Tara has a quilted, paisley and polka-dot print body in bold black and white, plus the added girlish charm of a contrastingly small-scaled gingham lining.	Lily Waters handbags are designed to lighten up your life. The  hand-selected fabrics are soft and virtually weightless. The combination of fabrics used evoke their own personality that lends itself to a casual and fun lifestyle. The bags fold with ease for traveling and can be spot-cleaned if soiled.

Introduced in 1969 as the first low-top basketball shoe. By the mid-'70s, three-quarters of all NBA players were wearing the adidas shell toes.

Waxed Dress Laces Brown - 1 Pack

The adidas Adissage sandal is a clean, sporty slide that cuts out the frills and goes straight for the aah! An adjustable strap gives you quick-fit comfort and the full-length footbed massages every step.	Adidas Adissage Sandals

Founded more than 40 years ago in Van Nuys, California, K-Swiss introduced the first all-leather tennis shoe, the K-Swiss Classic, in 1966. Since its inception, K-Swiss has rooted itself in California Sport with an aim to be the most inspiring and innovative athletic brand in the market. Today, the company offers performance and lifestyle footwear and apparel for several categories under its California Sports umbrella including Tennis Heritage, California Fit (Running, Triathlon and Fitness) and California Youth.	The K-Swiss Glaciator women's tennis shoe features a blend of Fautex moisture-management technology and a Heat Deflection Core for optimal comfort and temperature control. It's crafted using leather and breathable mesh for a lightweight, supportive fit.

The Under Armour Chesapeake Slide keeps your feet cool, dry and cushioned, rain or shine. The upper is made from a two-piece stretch synthetic support band that keeps the foot secure, with moisture management provided by the HeatGear liner. The footbed is soft synthetic fabric branded with anatomical contours for extra comfort. Memory foam padding provides ultimate cushioning, and the durable, molded rubber outsole offers added cushioning and traction.

Adidas Superstar Athletic Sneakers.

Specializing in fashionable women's footwear, Report collections pair innovative design with versatility and style. Report shoes are perfect for girls of any age -- for dressing up or keeping it casual. Cutting edge Report styles have also been featured in Teen Vogue, Cosmo Girl, Seventeen, Nylon, and Glamour.	It might not be summertime, but the living is definitely easy in the Report Delora. An embossed pattern encircles the topline of this leather wedge. The woven vamp accents the dramatic shape of the topline and cutouts. The peep toe and open sides add a fun, flirty feeling to every outfit. Padded footbed. 4" stacked wedge heel.

The industry's most popular road shoe is now ready for the trail. The ASICS GT-2120 Trail running shoe provides cushioning, support and traction for all types of terrain. Performance trail upper reduces heat and perspiration build up inside the shoe while providing a highly water resistant upper. Gusset construction helps prevent debris from entering the shoe and causing irritation. Impact Guidance System (IGS) enhances the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. Solyte midsole material delivers a lightweight package. GEL Cushioning Systems attenuate shock during impact phase and toe off phases. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. Wt. 9.5 oz.

Rugged yet feminine, this belted biker boot is available in black and brown and features an easy-to-wear pull-on design with pull tabs. Stylish ring and buckle details and a 1 inch heel make this 13-inch high boot a great choice for leather pants, jeans, or even a fun and flirty skirt.	The womens Alexa boots/fashion shoes from MIA feature a leather upper for a great look. The key features are

"Hell hath no fury like a Harley ROARED!" OK, it doesn't perfect sense, but it works for these Harley-Davidson Fury Boots! Are you the sensitive, shy type? Then you might as well forget these because they're loaded to the hilt with Harley-Davidson beefy boldness! Rugged premium full-grain leather uppers, with 3 adjustable buckles for a custom fit; Rubber outsole made for long-wearing traction; YKK side zipper for easy on / off; Leather-reinforced toe and heel caps; Metal accenting on toe, heel and shaft... biker "bling-bling"; Permanent padded insole; Repairable, stable Goodyear welt; Padded collar. Wicking fabric lining; Approx. 10" h. and 39 ozs. State Size. Medium width. To answer that nagging '80s question

#47700.OR

An extra-small version of our popular Cargo Tote, the Macy is purse-size and made to carry all of your essentials

You'll love these dressy penny loafers for their style and comfort. Great moc-toe slip-on style and made with full leather linings. Of course, they are created with the Allen Edmonds single oak leather sole and custom heel. Step into a pair and impress everyone at your office today.

The Saucony Kilkenny XC flat provide the perfect balance of traction and minimalism necessary in a cross-country shoe. Synthetic overlays in the upper help lock down the foot through turns. CMEVA midsole provides responsive cushioning and durability to shield you from any challenge the course may bring. Six-spike configuration offers the best possible propulsion even in the worst conditions. XT-600 outsole adds traction and durability. Wt. 6.1 oz.

****This product will not be available to ship until the middle of November.**** Built specifically for the elite female athlete looking to gain an advantage on the field, the Under Armour Laser TPU baseball shoe is sleek, lightweight and full of attitude. Dry, light performance inside the shoe and Dual Plate Technology and Rotational Traction in the outsole to generate maximum power and speed. Synthetic leather upper for light weight and durability. Performance mesh quarter panel for maximum comfort and breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture, keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Abrasion resistant toe guard for durability. Full-length EVA midsole for added comfort, cushioning and dispersing of cleat pressure. Performance EVA molded sockliner provides lightweight cushioning and comfort. Dual Plate Technology for lighter shoe with more flexiblity. Heel and forefoot plates are TPU of different densities-heel is softer for better shock absorption, forefoot is firmer for better response and push off. Rotational Traction cleat configuration optimizes rotational capability. TPU performance outsole plates with TPU molded cleats.

Athletic style features tumbled leather upper, the ghillie tie is reinforced with metal eyelets, padded collar and tongue. Compression molded shock spring cushion technology, the sole base is wider for shock dissipation and stride stability

The PRO-Keds by Rocawear Regal shoe features a leather upper with rubber outsole.

No more tugging! Fringe Boots have an easy-dressing back zip. Some boots are a real drag to pull on. Not these! All thanks to a back zipper that eliminates all that tugging. More to love

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Columbia Frontier Peak Hiking Boots... light, tough and made to last! My friend, these are the lightweight Boots you need for heavyweight mountain adventures! They're waterproof, very breathable so your feet will feel great at the end of the day! And you can breathe easy budget-wise, because my Sportsman's Guide price is WAY LOW! Step on this

All calfskin leather upper, EVA midsole, gum rubber outsole.

Cast your spell with one of the most comfortable shoes you'll ever wear. Soft garment leather upper means instant comfort. So does the soft terry lining. And count on plenty of cushioning from the EVA midsole and the padded foam sockliner. High abrasion rubber outsole provides traction and durability.	Shape your workout to casual schedule with the Princess classic fitness shoe from Reebok. Ultra-soft garment leather wraps your foot in comfort. Low profile rubber sole stretches the limits of flexibility. The tapered EVA midsole brings cushion motivation to daily recreation.

Military-inspired style meets urban sophistication in Charles David's Torch boot. This offering features a leather upper and mock lacing through D-ring eyelets. (A side zipper ensures you're not spending all day tying knots.) Finish it off with a subtle platform and head-turning 4.75-inch heel, and you'll have everyone's atten-tion!	The core line of the company brand, Charles David is for the woman who lusts after the most stylish, sophisticated footwear with European influences and craftsmanship. Made with high quality leathers, soft satins and precious jewel details, this line is favored by loyal customers and celebrities around the world. Each season the ultra-feminine, fashion-forward styles are available in both Charles David retail stores and select department and specialty stores nationwide.

The Keen Women's Portola Shoes give you the comfort of a tennis shoe and a casual style that's a step up from your sneakers. The suede upper has a canvas binding that adds some pizzazz to these casual shoes. Keen gave the Portola Shoes a removable metatomical footbed that cushions your foot just like your favorite sneaker. A secure flat lace design gives you a secure fit.Product FeaturesMaterial

Universal Soles Color

Hype shoes and handbags deliver exquisite attention to detail, the finest materials, and cutting edge design.  On the pulse of the hottest trends, Hype bridges the gap between couture and mass market brands, offering high quality fashion at a moderate price.

Not Rated is the offspring of Naughty Monkey. A junior line in concept, they went back to the drawing board, rethought fashion, hacked out the higher prices and transplanted the cool looks. Not Rated delivers a fashion-forward style that will leave fashionistas in awe.

Hip Dr. Martens Slip-on Oxfords... PRICED LESS! The Dr. is IN! Dr. Martens Oxfords, that is. Sick of tying laces? Here you go. Introducing the lace-free Oxfords, with no strings attached. A gored panel "hugs" your foot for a custom stay-on fit and still slip 'em on / off with ease. A discontinued style spells big bucks off! Two leathers, smooth full-grain and suede for attractive styling. Unique center seam for eye-catching cool looks. Thick rubber outsole for top traction. Removable, contoured and padded footbed. Mesh lining wicks away moisture. Reinforced leather heel cup for support. Push-button cinch for a custom fit. Each is 4" h. and weighs a feathery 16 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Enjoy lace-free comfort now! Order ONLINE Today!!!! Limited Quantities !!! Men's Dr. Martens Slip-on Oxfords, Black.

Full-grain leather upper with polyurethane removable sockliner, Transition Bridge for midfoot support, beveled heel design that enhances walking stride and Opti-Flex Zone that improves forefoot flexibility.

The RYK  Sportwalker 4000 is a comfortable, well cushioned walking shoe that is great for a walking workout or everyday wear. Leather and mesh upper for lightweight, breathable support. Midfoot TPU shank for arch support and stability. Enhanced forefoot flexibility complements a flexible walking gait. Rearfoot cushioning cartridge adds durable cushioning, rebound and shock absorption. Removable molded Nitracel sockliner for added cushioning and comfort. Wt. 11.8 oz.

Is seduction your aim? This thigh-high boot from Pleaser will help you in your game. Featured in a classically sexy shape and palette, it also has a high-shine upper, a pointed toe, and a super-tall stiletto heel to up the ante.	Shaft Height

opas black leather 90

Timberland set new industry standards for craftsmanship, durability and protection when it introduced an authentic, waterproof leather boot in 1973. A global leader in design, engineering and marketing of premium footwear, Timberland values consumers who cherish the outdoors and their time in it. Timberland has been an industry leader in the use of both sustainable and recycled materials in its shoes, as well as its footwear packaging. The Timberland Company believes in corporate responsibility and supports numerous civic and social projects throughout the year.	The Timberland Men's 6 Inch Basic Boot holds up to plenty of wear and tear, year after year. Rugged, dependable and waterproof to keep your feet dry and comfortable while offering plenty of support. Imported..

If you need a travel bag that can do it all, this Baggallini tote will do the trick. It's perfectly sized to be roomy, yet can still be carried on, and it has a telescoping handle that can be collapsed and zipped into hiding. It also features a triple-compartment interior--including a spot for your laptop in the center--and lots of pockets for ultimate organization.	The rolling tote is the fashionable yet practical way to travel - easily fits under the seat or in the overhead compartment

Engineered for distances ranging from the 5k to the marathon. Lightweight and extremely breathable air mesh upper with Biomorphic Fit for superior fit and function. GEL Cushioning Systems provide rearfoot and forefoot attenuation at initial impact and propulsion phase. DuoMax medial post provides support and shores the midfoot, I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) enhances the foots natural gait from heel-to-toe. DuoSole forefoot adds enhanced flexibility and traction. Wt. 8.3 oz.

One of the all-time classic tennis shoes, the Wilson Pro Staff Leather is still a solid performance tennis shoe with a lot of bang for the buck!Color

5" Heel Sandal.

Double folded cap toe bal oxford in black.

Soft glove leather upper, elasticized top plus a long elastic gore for sure, snug fit. Chrome leather sole with two pebbled gum crepe traction pads. Full sizes - suitable for women and men.Adult fitting is in women sizes

Engineered for the runner with medium-to-high arches that are rigid or slightly flexible who requires cushioning to give protection from the impact forces of running. The highly-ventilated AIRmesh upper maintains a high standard of breathability and allows the foot to stay cool. A CMEVA midsole features Composite Wave in a Double Parallel Wave configuration to provide simultaneous cushioning and stability, VS-1 point-of-impact shock absorption, Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation system cools the foot with air management. Blown rubber and solid rubber outsole with X-10 high-density carbon rubber heel increases durability and flexibility. Weight 10.8 oz.

Man's wallet of black leather. Fossil certificate of authenticity

An easy step begins immediately with the Reef Leather Smoothy sandal. It has simple fabric straps, along with a foamy EVA sole, for perfect comfort and cushioning.	Ramp up the chill factor with the laid-back Reef Contour Smoothy flip-flops.  Flexible nylon fabric upper in a classic three-point thong sandal style with a fabric toe thong post.  Vamp bands feature a Reef logo hang tag and tonal or contrasting embellishment.  Fabric lining, cushioned footbed and Reef-Flex(R) triple-density EVA midsole.  Traction patterned EVA outsole.

adidas is a name that stands for excellence in all sectors of sport around the globe. The vision of company founder Adolf Dassler has become a reality, and his corporate philosophy has been the guiding principle for successor generations. The idea was as simple as it was brilliant

Kiwi Color Shine contains natural waxes that resist cracking and peeling. This quality liquid shoe polish is applied quickly and easily, giving high gloss shine and nourishment to your shoes.

The prefect balance of style and comfort. Your feet will reap the benefits while you enjoy this stylish and versatile sandal. Designed with the quality and craftsmanship of true European tradition, Spring Step combines comfort, technology and fashion to bring you everything that is important in a shoe. The Spring Step Chic collection offers the perfect balance of style and comfort. Soft leather uppers, fashionable colors, lightweight, poly-flex shock absorbing soles and soft padded insoles.

The adidas Corner Blitz D football shoe is built for Pop Warner and high school players looking for an entry-level cleat. Low-cut allows for lighter weight for skill players, 3/4-cut allows for more protection for players needing more ankle support. Synthetic leather and mesh upper is lightweight and breathable. Forefoot strap secures the foot during hard cuts and line of scrimmage play. EVA insole adds comfort. CMEVA midsole with Torsion System for midfoot integrity and adiPRENE+ insert for forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Injected TPU detachable cleat outsole. Wt. 15.8 oz.

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.

You need to be flexible, but firm. Soft and caring but also serious, no-nonsense. You've got to be a lot of things for your job, and Nurse Mates 204214 Annie Lo White Lace Up Shoes will be a lot of things for you.These white, low-profile shoes are styled after a moccasin design, which imparts the look and feel of comfortable style. The soles are made with lightweight, shock-absorbing polyurethane that cushions and comforts while supporting your weight. These flexible outsoles are finished with low heels that measure just under one inch, enough lift to give you extra heel support.Stylish and strong, the white leather looks great with detailed styling. Because it also has a stain-resistant finish, it will keep looking great. The low-profile, lace-up design is perfect for quick, stylish comfort. Each heel has a small, blue Nurse Mates heart, a nod to the caring nature of the ones who wear these shoes.Inside, softly padded lining provides comfort and cushioning - two things you sorely need as a nurse. You need a lot when you're on the job, because you do a lot in the line of duty. Let Nurse Mates 204214 Annie Lo White Lace Up Shoes help you do it all in stylish, strong comfort.Sizes Manufactured

Men's Mad Dog Gear Ducks Unlimited 5 mm Titanium Chest Waders with 1,200 - gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation, Cleated Soles and FREE 24 - Shell Carrier. Shivering certainly won't help your aim or your cast. These Ducks Unlimited 5 mm Titanium Waders with 1,200-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation give you the warmth you need to stay out in the thick of the action all day

The Dunham Insulated Terrastryder Extra is a lightweight waterproof Waffle Stomper which offers cushioning flexibility, warmth and traction. An SL-1 sport last shape provides a more athletic fit. This insulated shoe is ideal for winter fast packing. Color

101654GEN7 Features

In 1917, All Star sneaker gave the world a blank canvas. At first it played basketball and then Rock & Roll and then everything else.

Need a cute, everyday look with the same comfort that a sneaker would give you? Try the Mary Jane Walker from Propet. Its padded linings and footbed will keep you completely cozy with every step while a hook-and-loop closure adds adjustable fit. Its fully tractioned rubber sole will help you get a comfortable grip on any surface.	Propet Mary Jane Walkers for women. Available in wide sizes too! Who says classy can't be comfortable... get the best of both worlds with these Mary Janes

This sprinter shoe features a women-specific last to enhance the fit and your performance. Synthetic leather and mesh upper offers lightweight, breathable comfort. Ideal for short to mid-distance, jumpers and hurdles. 5.8 ounces

Jeanius level products! Akademicks are the brand taking the hip-hop world by strom, combining all of the street cred if classic old school athletic wear with high fashion and retro preppie style influences. Akademiks shoes continue the tradition of street flava with a stylish twist, with great looking classic athletic looks and high fashion mixing it up. Check out Akademiks.

This standard ballroom shoe from Capezio is perfect for professionals and beginners alike. The shoe features a traditional lace-up front, a suede sole for easy gliding, and a basic 1"heel. Comes in a sleek leather or glossy patent upper.	Capezio Men's Standard Ballroom Shoe. Synthetic patent upper. Standard style heel with suede top lift. Cushioned insole and heel. 3/4 shank. Cotton laces. Suede sole.

J-41 Footwear offers the ultimate in style, comfort, and function. For people on-the-go, J-41 is a high performance "go anywhere" shoe designed to meet life's challenges. Engineered using Jeep technology, J-41 provides superior traction and durability. Our colorful, sporty design and cutting-edge materials make J-41 the most versatile footwear an individual can wear as they journey through life.	Share your easy style by slipping in the charming appeal of the Libra Mesh from J-41TM. Air mesh upper with webbing straps. Adjustable hook-and-loop closure. Protective rubber toe cap. Padded heel strap for added comfort. Quick-drying, contoured footbed is made of Jeep memory foam that cradles the foot. Non-marking, partially-recycled, eco-friendly, compressed Jeep rubber outsole is trail rated for reliable traction and durability. Measurements

clint sand suede 100

Azalia is a Brazilian company founded in 1958 by partners Arnaldo Luiz de Paula, Nestor Herculano de Paula, Theno Jos Berlitz, Nelson Lauck and Arnildo Lauck. Together, they produced the first hand-crafted pairs of Azalia shoes out of a small shoe plant that used to house a bowling alley. Azaleia is the top shoe producer in Latin America and one of the five largest in the world.

cult 26011 bbk 9.5

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.	The Life Stride Snap sandals feature a leather upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

The size is 8.	The color is black.	The style is furball.	They material is hair.

Limited Edition! Hip hop's smoothest kicks yet. Make your move fast. Leather/synthetic upper with rubber outsole.

Combining chicness, versatility and comfort all in one little lightweight shoe, this adorable bow-topped ballet flat promises to dazzle and surprise every time you put it on. The leather upper is soft and supple and features a flattering low-cut vamp and an elasticized collar for a snug, foot-hugging fit. Pair with a white tee, dark denims and a blazer for a classic Parisian look.	?A chic bow adorns this adorable Me TooTM skimmer.	?Soft nubuck or leather upper.	?Slightly elasticized top line.	?Man-made lining.	?Lightly cushioned footbed.	?Leather-wrapped sole with rubber islands.	?3/8" heel.

Your classic moc slip-on just better. Soft buttery leathers and detailed stitching make this style perfect for work and play. Has a lightly padded footbed for comfort.

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, searches the world to work directly with the finest artisan designers. An extraordinary alignment of stars and diamonds makes this a captivating shoulder bag. The cotton bag features rayon embroidery fashioned in Akha style. The Akha people are one of the largest hill tribes in Thailand, renowned for their beautiful textile products. Designed and crafted by Ampai Rungsrisookjit, the bag closes with a rain tree wood button and features two practical zipper compartments, one on each side. 80% cotton, 20% rayon. Features rain tree wood buttons. Dry-cleaning is preferable. If hand-washed, use a mild detergent. Artisan Info

Tools-Products - Size 9 Plain Rain Boots

The Danner Light II is USA-made, classically designed, and packed with features. A nubuck leather and 1000 Denier nylon upper combined with Danner stitchdown construction offer unparalleled durability and stability. The waterproof, breathable GORE-TEX lining keeps feet dry, while the Vibram Kletterlift outsole provides lightweight comfort, superb shock absorption, and great traction and stability on both wet and dry surfaces.	These are the women's 33000 Danner Light II full-grain brown leather with superior breathability and abrasion protection. They are made in the USA and have a 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining for ultimate, breathable comfort. These also have Danner's hand-crafted stitchdown construction which increases its durability and stability. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole guarantees traction, stability, and superior shock absorbtion.

Carolina 6" WorkFlex Boots. These Boots have impressive components. Their DRi-LEX lining rapidly absorbs foot perspiration, and is quick drying, breathable and soft. Opanka construction delivers flexibility where you need it most. Even more... in independent testing, these Shoes withstood applications of 14,400 volts at 60Hz for one minute without leakage. That's protective durability you can count on

The mid-cut design of the Reebok ATR Throwdown basketball shoe delivers added stability and support. Full-grain leather upper. Upper support design adds lateral support and stability. Sculpted EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. DMX Micro heel provides cushioning. High abrasion rubber outsole with herringbone traction pattern. Wt. 15.6 oz.

Developed and designed in Italy over 12 years ago by a husband and wife team, the Lelli Kelly lifestyle brand has become a 42 million dollar little girls brand. Exclusive pattened designs focused on allowing little girls to look and feel like little girls the brand has become the upper end alternative to Barbi in all parts of Europe. The footwear, clothing, apparel accessories and other products combine to touch every part of a little girl's world.

Vans Trujillo TNT Black/Charcoal

Men's Irish Setter Countrysiders Chukkas. Countrysiders from Irish Setter are high-quality Shoes you'll love

Carolina 12" Domestic Engineer Boots... works those long days right along with you! In testing, these Boots withstood 14,000 volts for a minute without leakage. So yeah, they're safe. And the DRYZ Pillow Cushion insole adds unmatched comfort that will have your feet looking forward to the workday. The Poron Permafresh fights odor, and the Cambrelle-lined vamp keeps your feet cool and dry. More

The adidas Superstar 2G men's basketball shoes feature a full-grain leather upper that offers  classic, old-school style and versatility for both the court and the street. The molded EVA midsole helps provide cushioning and comfort, while the lateral Torison support creates stability and control.

For the ultimate experience, sink into the ultra-comfy VistaWalker from Propet. Whether you're power-walking or just trying to keep up a fast-paced, active lifestyle, its fully padded interior will keep you feeling good while its traditional design offers an easy, everyday look.	Propet Vista Walker available in narrow to 3X wide! These Vista Walker Shoes are great for everyday wear... Medicare-approved for comfort and protection

6 inch Heel Lace-Up Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Buckle.

The Orthofeet Women's Wichita Slip-On gives troubled feet extra room and freedom, and takes pressure off toes and bunions. This washable shoe from Orthofeet creates a space for swollen feet that maximizes comfort from heel to toe. Spandex at the forefoot and polyurethane at the rearfoot create a supportive fit that molds to the shape of the foot.

Function meets fashion in these splashy rain boots from Western Chief. Featuring a fun frog print (complete with fun little googly eyes), you're sure to have fun hopping through the puddles.	Ribbit!

Find superior comfort in the Finn Comfort Soft 96101. Handmade in Europe, this women's therapeutic shoe features a leather upper for durability and a vegetable-tanned leather lining to wick away moisture. The shock-absorbing Finn Comfort Footbed is ergonomically designed to support and cushion your foot and can be removed for airing and hand washing. Padding in the collar protects and cushions. This oxford delivers flexible support and traction and is part of the Prevention Collection, this sandal helps promote healthy diabetic foot care. Face a day on your feet in confidence in the Finn Comfort Soft 96101.

If your feet could talk, you'd probably get an earful about how they've spent every day of their lives carrying you around, stepping in who knows what, and being shoved into all kinds of torturous shoes. They would also ask that you please give them a little love and let them ride in the Rainbow Women's Hemp Eco 301 Narrow Strap Sandals. These soft, cushy, earth-happy flip-flops are a great way to reward your feet for their selfless service.Product FeaturesStrap Material

HH Brown 10" Leather Jump Boots for midnight airdrops, American - made - style! Serious jump boots at a seriously low price. These HH Brown 10" Leather Jump Boots are proudly made in the good old US of A and pack an old-fashioned value price. Lace them up with your BDUs and get ready for the action. Details

Women's moderate stability running shoe which supplies cushioning, transition, and comfort.

These adorable bear paw slippers fit women and men. These slippers cover the entire foot. The sole is made of one inch thick foam. They are a very fine quality slipper. Sizing

Classic-inspired style. Soft, tumbled leather upper with the padded tongue. Die-cut EVA insert and rubber cupsole with herringbone traction design.  Weight 16.2 oz.

Complete your favorite Halloween costume with the perfect shoes! Demonia shoes are available year round for all your costuming needs. Whether you are looking for a costume piece or maybe something extra funky for a night out, choose Funtasma for your most outrageous footwear needs.

Men's Wolverine DuraShocks Slip Resistant Boots

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	Strong leather or oiled nubuck ? both natural products ? with waxed stitching and leather lining. Interchangeable, vegetable tanned and metal-free leather insole with ECCO Comfort Fibre System? foam (recycled material). Soft and flexible freon-free PU midsole with shock-absorbing effect (shock point). Hardwearing, light and flexible freon-free PU outsole with shock-absorbing effect.

The sunflower requires little introduction - so what could be better than the warm, bright, happiness of a sunflower packed into this little leather keychain, handmade in Italy with real Tuscan leather!?	You won't believe how cute this sunflower keychain is until you hold it in your hands!	*About Gianni's Leather Miniature Accessories*	Each leather accessory is hand-crafted in Italy using premium vegetable-tanned Vacchetta leather and innovative applications of ancient stitching techniques. His unique designs are sure to bring a smile to gift recipients of all ages. The leather says "Eternally Classy", the inventive designs say "Unique", and the Italian origin says "Only the Best"!

Caterpillars footwear is as tough and reliable as their heavy equipment, and the Colt boot is one primo example. A full grain leather upper protects  and will remain in good condition for ages  while solid arch support and a cushioned midsole takes the stress off your feet. The outsole is strengthened with Kevlar, and Goodyear welt construction means you can wear it just about anywhere.	The Colt steel toe Men's Pull On Work Boot has Premium quality full grain leather, steel toe, Goodyear welt construction, Poliyou sock lining, and rubber/Biltrite with Kevlar outsole. The Colt Men's Pull on is also slip and heat resistant.

Leader of the pac

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	A slip-on-and-go mule by Skechers that you'll simply adore! The Recreation mule is made with smooth, premium leather, and features the cushioning of a trainer. Which means youre getting both convenience and ber comfort with this shoe.Leather upper with metal eyelet detail, elastic center panel for great fitSoft textile lining, EVA cushioned insoleRaised heel lip for improved fit, traction-pattern rubber sole

Women's Harley Davidson 7" Casper Boots. Don't rev your engine without the comfort and protection of Harley Davidson Casper Boots

The Dominator 5 Lorica is tougher than leather. Durable, water-repellent, and highly abrasion resistant. It's no surprise that it's Sidi's most popular mountain shoe. Competition Sole. Soft Arch Compression Strap. Ultra SL Buckel. High Security VELCRO. Padded tongue w/ fit relievers. Molded Plastic Heel Cup. Toe Spike Compatible.

The time is now to treat your foot to a little summer fun. The Ros Hommerson Dawn wedge sandal mixes a classic leather upper with the trendy make of a 2 1/2" wedge heel. Featuring a soft manmade sole for the perfect amount of comfort, this sandal works with dresses, skirts and Capri's.	Beauty. Fashion. Comfort. These are the traits that distinguish Ros Hommerson footwear. Each season, Ros Hommerson brings a fresh perspective to Mark Lemp Footwear. Her classic styles combine tradition with contemporary colors and embellishments. Unsurpassed elegance and high quality leather craftsmanship serve as essential ingredients for success. Comfort is always a priority. Ros Hommerson strives to ensure that each shoe fits perfectly. Every pattern is made to her exact specifications and she personally tests them for comfort and fit. When you buy a pair of Ros Hommerson footwear, you buy with confidence.

Foamtreads Easy-on slippers are perfect for those at home or in nursing facilities. The cross-over Easy Touch closures allow the slippers to be adjusted for swelling, and are great for those with arthritis. The skid-resistant soles can help prevent slipping.

Ever slept on egg crate foam? Yup, these are just as soft and comfortable. Features thick egg-crate memory foam footbed with a leather strap. Ooh, soft.

Easton's Diamond flare sunglasses feature a flexible, ergonomic design with soft rubber nose and earpieces for maximum comfort and secure fit. Available in black frame/red lenses, transparent frame/blue lenses and silver frame/smoke lenses.

Enjoy the easy comfort and American Indian style of Minnetonkas classic suede moccasin, complete with whipstitching and a colorful beading on the vamp. The rubber sole will help you keep your footing when youre on the go.	Minnetonka Moccasins are recognized the world over for their Thunderbird bead design. We've always offered them for ladies and children, sueded and soft leather, hard soles and soft soles. FINALLY - the new color PINK has arrived for ladies. Full and Half sizes. Boat Sole is stitched on with a cushion insole.

Get composite safety toe protection and greater forefoot flexibility for chasing bad guys! Running in in safety toe boots doesn't have to hurt. Magnum Stealth II CTs feature a more flexible "strobel construction" forefoot that flexes like the best running shoes. You also get an ANSI-approved non-metallic composite safety toe that protects your feet without setting off security alarms. Plus all the full-on duty boot construction Magnum is famous for. Made to stand up to the most demanding situations while offering uncompromising comfort and performance. Details

Seal the deal in Bally's Stevie loafer. Its full-grained leather upper has a sharp,   professional look that will stand up to the most exacting scrutiny, and its padded insole   and rubber outsole insets will cushion your step so that you can maintain your focus.	Seal the deal in Bally's Stevie loafer. Its full-grained leather upper has a sharp, professional look that will stand up to the most exacting scrutiny, and its padded insole and rubber outsole insets will cushion your step so that you can maintain your focus.

Special Ribbed Steel Paratrooper Shank for Support	Extra Firm Heavy Duty Military Counters and Box Toes	High Performance Laces	Dryz Moisture/Odor Control Shock Absorbing Cushioned Insoles	Made in the USA!

Dodge the paparazzi wearing the Liam slingback pump from BCBGirls. This stunning pump has a patent leather upper, a cross front vamp with a teasing open toe, a heel sling with an adjustable buckle and elastic panel for additional flexibility, soft leather lining, a sultry covered stiletto heel, a cushioned insole, and a lightly textured outsole for traction. Wear the Liam with a swingy dress and he'll have to wait in line for a dance.	BCBG sandal that makes the grade for anyone who loves wearing high heels. They're very stable, totally comfy and dancing all night in them is a breeze. Available in Chili Red or Pearl White. Wondeful and stylish summer sandals.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.

The little black dress, the perfect pump, and a great pair of jeans are timeless fashion icons. Simplicity and versatility are the common thread. With its high-quality leathers and lavish detailing, the refined Lucca Leather collection belongs in this esteemed company. Tassels and signature hardware add to the line's allure. Available in sleek silhouettes and an array of hues, Lucca Leather will never go out of style. It's another definition of a true classic.

1 inch Heel Pig Leather Thigh High Boots Men's Size Shoes.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Steve Madden Erica Women's Shoes

* The 'Ladybelle' slide is a wardrobe symbol of class and sophistication.	 * Full grain leather uppers feature refined wide band design with a dainty adjustable instep buckle.	 * Leather wrapped EVA footbed helps wick away moisture for a healthy foot environment.	 * Polyurethane outsole provides lightweight support and helps reduce foot fatigue.	 * Strobel construction, where the upper is attached to the sockliner and applied to the outsole.	 * This flexible and durable construction allows the foot to rest properly on the insole cushioning.

Embrace your inner earth mother without losing your fashionable edge with the MIA Limited Edition Gelati platform sandal. A network of supple leather straps encases your foot and ankle, while a chunky, semi-wedge heel adds generous height. A zip closure at the back ensures easy on and off. The lightly padded footbed is so comfortable, youll forget youre wearing a heel! The boho-chic appeal of the Gelati balances the look of a strappy mid-calf chiffon dress and an ethnic-inspired bag.	The Mia Limited Edtion Gelati sandals feature a leather upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in brazil.

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for the whole family.	With relaxed comfort and updated styling, you can take your day to the limit in this lightweight and energetic updated casual  Scuff-resistant leather upper  Nylex lining  Cushioned insole  Durable rubber sole  Padded collar and tongue  Reflective details

You'll kick back in comfort with the Eastland Newport slip-on. Featuring a soft leather upper, these shoes have no mid soles so they'll feel broken-in right out of the box. With a durable PU outsole, unique Opanka stitch-to-sole construction and removable padded orthotics, these shoes are fit to handle all of your after-work and weekend activities.	The Eastland Newport-Men's is a slip-on men's oxford style with twin goring in a rich quality leather upper with a padded collar. This Eastland shoe is made with Opanka construction that connects the upper to the outsole for more flexibility. The comfort unit sole, fully-lined, with a cushioned innersole for shock absorption provides this men's shoe with lasting comfort. Slip into sleek style and cushioned comfort in the Eastland Newport-Men's.

These hand made mountain hiking boot laces are extremely stong and durable. They provide excellent holding power. Lowest Shipping for laces on Amazon! National Leash is a leader in Mountain Rope products.

Whatever you say goes in the Domina knee-high boot from Pleaser. This take-no-prisoners find in high-gloss synthetic boasts sharp angles and a tapered toe for a sleek silhouette. A 4.75-inch heel and a rubber sole conspire to grant you a sultry strut while a side zipper keeps this one easy to get on--and off.	Shaft Height

The Montrail Torre GTX hiking boot for women is one of Montrail's most popular boots for a reason. It's a lightweight boot designed for long distance backpacking and peak bagging. With a GTX liner and a leather outer, the Torre will keep you dry in wet conditions like snowshoeing and early spring trail hikes. For extra support in the heel, the heel yoke is attached to the lacing for maximum support, which also allows custom tensioning for uphill and downhill hiking. The Torre uses a last that is ideal for medium and low volume feet, with a generous toe cap. You will never want to take them off.  Other Features

Kick the season into high gear with the Reebok MLB Clubhouse Exclusive. This fan-favorite casual shoe is styled with fresh colors and an MLB team logo on a high-end leather upper for comfort and style. Other details include an EVA sockliner, a full-cup midsole and an abrasive rubber outsole.

sweater pink fabric 70

205100SLG12 Features

sweater pink fabric 75

ROCKETDOG STRING BALLET * ELASTIC CORD LOOPS AROUND ANKLE * UPPER--SYNTHETIC LEATHER* SOLE--COMPOSITION * MEDIUM WIDTH FLAT HEEL* IMPORT **BLACK ONLY AVAILABLE IN 8 AND 8.5

Leather upper with lightweight EVA midsole for cushioning and flexibility, ABZORB in heel and rubber, walking strike path outsole for foot stability through walking gait cycle.

Founded in 1983, Nautica has evolved from a collection of men's outerwear to a leading global lifestyle brand with products ranging from men's, women's, and children's apparel and accessories to a complete home collection. Nautica products are styled with timeless design and premium quality that enhance today's energetic lifestyles, yet they recognize the need and desire for balance.	A grand entrance on deck or on the streets may well be underway with the stylish Nautica Thomas boots. These kicks feature a durable canvas upper in a moc-toe styling, with a 5-eyelet lace up front, nautical lacing detail, and pull tab for easier entry. The soft lining and cushioned insole provides fresh, interior comfort. The rubber outsole provides lasting traction on a variety of surfaces.

It doesn't get much more comfortable than the Motion Sport lace-up from Easy   Spirit. Its padded lining and insole will keep you fully cushioned with every step so that   you can accommodate your busy lifestyle in the best way possible. Its supple leather upper   will mold to your foot for the best fit as its sturdy rubber sole will ensure a non-slip   grip on any surface.	Easy Spirit brings you performance walking features in a comfortable casual oxford Smooth leather or croco-print leather upper Rounded toe profile for a slightly roomier fit Spirit Level 1 comfort design is suitable for light activity Padded collar and tongue Anti-Gravity comfort system for a lightweight feel Contoured, cushioned insole Moisture-wicking fabric lining Durable rubber-like sole 3/4 heel height

Recommended by Rulon Gardner (US Olympic Gold Medalist), the Intensity is an ultra-performance shoe engineered for elite-level combatants. *ASICS Rotational Split Sole- Increases responsiveness and flexibility while reducing weight. *RhynoSkin Reinforcement- Placed on the medial drive zone for durability. *TacLiner Sockliner - Reduces slippage inside the shoe. *Combination Lasted - Enhanced forefoot flexibility, rearfoot stability and reduced weight. *COMES With FREE matching LACE COVERS!! This is our DOWN AND DIRTY price. If you would like to purchase Just Right Fit Insurance, please order item #JRF01 for each pair of shoes.

Every man needs style and comfort and the leather oxford Seawalker meets those needs. This handsome oxford has a padded collar and tongue, lace-up closure, moc style toe, whipstitch detailing, cushioned insole with arch support, and a solid textured rubber outsole. Perfect for both business and casual.	Constructed with comfort in mind, the Seawalker Tie oxford from ECCO performs well both on long walks, and when style is essential. Featuring pronounced arch support and shock-absorbing dual density sole, the Seawalker means to ease your burden wherever you may roam. An anti-bacterial, fast drying insole allows for breathable wear.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance. We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.

Men's Clarks Bona Waterproof Boots make a SPLASH with "sealed - tight" wet weather protection and durable construction! "Puddle hoppers" to keep your toes dry when trekking through flooded trails! Constructed with seam-sealed waterproof nubuck uppers and neoprene trim to lock out moisture better than any boot in your closet. Of course, boots that keep your feet dry are useless if they're not comfy too... which is why you'll appreciate the padded tongue, elasticized collar for flexible movement and the moisture-wicking Ortholite insole made to absorb the shock of every step you take. Don't get soaked by high-priced footwear... follow Bargain Outfitters for a bona fide Boot bargain! Try 'em on

A worldwide favorite, the Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Hi even made it to the big screen with Will Smith himself.  And why not?  Their classic style, their wide appeal, light yet tough canvas uppers, and strong vulcanized rubber outsole, it's hard not to want a pair.  Even if you don't play basketball, why deny yourself a pair of ultra comfy shoes?

Carolina 6" Steel Toe Metatarsal Boots. Get all-day protection for the tops of your feet and your toes with these rugged, leather Work Boots. A leather-wrapped external metatarsal guard and a steel toe work together to help prevent injury. A soft Taibrelle lining continually wicks moisture away from your foot. Comfort and protection

The Original New Balance 608 cross-trainer -- versatile, lightweight, this best selling cross-trainer features a leather upper and ABZORB in the heel for multiple fitness and sports activities. Limited Production Run. Color

A sleek, futuristic design adds must-have appeal to the Puma men's Arashi, a casual shoe with a soft garment leather upper, padded kick area and Velcro strap closure for comfort, cushioning and style. Rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

Make a statement on the street in the Puma Roma casual shoe. Sleek pigskin suede upper offers plush comfort and sleek style. EVA midsole offers lightweight, durable cushioning. Gum rubber outsole provides dependable traction.

Recognize style and incredible comfort of the Melchior shoe from Mephisto. Goodyear welt construction unites the upper to the midsole to create a lasting bond, resoleable for years of wear. Aniline dyed leather offers amazing breathability and durability. The flexible Caoutchouc rubber outsole is anatomically designed to support the heel and arch in everyday motion.

Gola was born in the UK in 1905. To date, no one is entirely sure how the great name came about, it is said to have been an anagram of the word "goal." Famous for its Harrier shoe, the brand has outfitted everyone from World Cup soccer teams to rock stars like Chris Martin and the Gallagher brothers, in stylish, high-quality sneakers.

The New Balance 1060 running shoe is developed for the neutral runner looking for maximum cushioning and flexibility. Open mesh upper provides breathability. N-Lock straps wrap around the shoe for secure fit. Top-loaded  ABZORB SBS puts the cushioning closer to your foot. Forefoot outsole design is made to be durable and highly flexible.

These classic look slippers are made from our 100% washable fleece sheepskin that surrounds the entire foot. They come with a very pliable synthetic rubber indoor/outdoor sole.  These slippers feature our exclusive removable and replaceable insoles that can be washed separately

It is the delicate balance of old world craftsmanship and modern day design. It is the careful balance of aesthetics form and pragmatic function. It is Brass Boot -- a line of footwear that starts with the finest materials and ends with the satisfaction of knowing your shoe was crafted by hand. Brass Boot's sophisticated style is perfectly balanced by its flawless construction.

Well-cushioned aqua fitness shoe built for in pool and outdoor aqua sports. Sandwich mesh upper with synthetic leather overlays, variable ghillie lacing system with toggle closure. Molded, perforated Nitracel Engage sockliner offers personal fit with enhanced quick draining cushioning. Contoured CMEVA midsole with internal midfoot shank provides torsional midfoot support and stability, aqua flow channels add optimal drainage. High performance rubber outsole with rounded edges, herringbone design for deck and in pool traction. Wt. 11.1 oz.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	Men's Florsheim Donnell Dress Oxfords. Donnell Dress Oxfords have a classic, professional look you'll love for years to come

Enjoy all-star footwear from one of the most recognized and trend setting designers in the world today. With an incredible range of styles, the Anne Klein footwear line is sure to provide the perfect complement for any occasion. From casual to dress, with Anne Klein there's no compromising style, comfort, or function. Its simply a perfect fit.

Ultrashield protection with Scotchgard provides durable resistance to oil and water spills to make cleaning easier and keep leather looking good longer. Airport-friendly shoe has fiberglass shanks with CGS comfort gel system, Ultraflex construction and padded leather lining. Nubuck. Orig

Versatile cross trainer with superior shock absorption. Injection molded EVA is lightweight and cushioned.  Rubber outsole is long wearing and durable. Leather and mesh upper. Imported. Item #80756.

Top-stitched smooth leather or nubuck upper with padded collar, fabric lining, cushioned insole, rubber lug outsole with 41/2 heel.

PVC and phthalate free! Lightweight water-friendly Aqua Sandals with tread on bottom for traction. Heel strap provides secure fit. EVA material.

PU coated leather upper vinyl strap and stitched suede split leather sole with leather heel.Fitting

No brand makes a casual slipper quite like Minnetonka. The suede upper features a traditionally stitched moc-toe and 360-degree lacing, while pile lining adds extra warmth and coziness. The rubber outsole is substantial enough for outdoor use.	A whole pile of comfort waiting inside! Toes love pile. And you'll love sinking your feet into the rich synthetic pile inside these mocs. Soft, warm, comforting. And that's just the start

Basic Leather Checkbook Cover by Classic Leathers. The cover is quality constructed of genuine full grain crunch leather. It has two compartments for currency or receipts and an attached plastic piece for duplicate checks. Works well with both regular and side entry type checks. In addition there are removable plastic card windows, which hold credit cards and pictures. Outstanding value, department store price is $15-20. The cover measures closed 6 1/2" across and 3 1/2" high. For a larger view of this item, please click on the picture. Available in Brown, Black or Tan (not shown).

Glossy Bates Duty Oxfords reflect BIG BUCKS OFF! Made by Bates, since 1885! Seems a fussy inspector labeled 'em factory seconds. The only thing you'll likely notice is the Close-Out price of big bucks off. Parade rest

Make your logo mobile! 12-ounce cotton twill; cotton web handles. A great way to keep notebooks, important papers and other useful tools close at hand. Measures 14w x 14h x 3d.

A flexible lightweight shoe for frequent moderate paced fitness walking. Leather/mesh upper adds lightweight comfort and support. Injection molded EVA midsole with ABZORB in heel offers exceptional shock absorption. Walking Strike Path solid rubber outsole provides long-wearing durability.

Official GI-Issue Jungle Boots

A solid performance shoe for new and mid-level volleyball players. This is the stunning result. GEL Cushioning System attenuates shock, NC outsoles grab the court, and SpEVA cushioning optimizes jumping and landing.

What more can a shoe offer you than comfort and longevity? These Unisex 5 Eye Padded Collar shoes from Dr. Martens promise all that and a ruggedly attractive style that will even work at the office. If you're on your feet all day, you'll appreciate the Flexlink sole technology, and if you're watching your budget, the Goodyear welt construction will ensure that these will be looking and feeling good for a long time to come. Benefits of Flexlink Technology As the foot flexes, the Flexlink technology in the forefoot filler softens the compression. An Ortholite insole with open cell foam increases breathability and aids in shock absorption. A leather-hinged footbed flexes in tandem with the Flexlink forefoot to enhance flexibility and comfort. Finally, a unique compression chamber cushion system absorbs footfall shock from heel to forefoot. About Dr. Martens  Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctors immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Rugged, solid, and ready to navigate the urban jungle with Dr. Martens' 8053 oxford. Hitting the pavement never felt so great with the durable Goodyear welt construction and a PVC Air Cushioned outsole. Dr. Martens' signature yellow stitching and 5-eyelet design will make your trek over the slippery slopes of commerce, a stylish one.

A little dapper will do ya! The ultra-stylish Orinda slip-on from Bostonian will dress you with complete perfection. For business, special occasion, or even giving a little refined edge to your casual wardrobe, this polished leather loafer has a lightly padded collar, a tailored bicycle toe, and dual-goring for easy on/off accessibility. The smooth leather linings and the removable cushioned insole with 2pod technology will immerse your foot in comfort; while the textured outsole will keep you grounded in confidence.	Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

The men's Response from adidas is a well-cushioned running shoe designed for under-pronators to neutral runners. This great shoe is designed to protect feet against impact forces and provide an efficient heel to toe-off transition. It features a synthetic and mesh upper, adiPRENE and adiPRENE+ shock absorbing materials, and the TORSION system for stability, balance, and control under any circumstances.	The name says it all-for support and full cushion result in a shoe, Adidas Response Cushion running shoe is the one for you.                Front full lace up               Air mesh lining for cool ventilation              QuickStrike(TM) for lightweight and flexibility              adiPRENE(R) removable insert in heels offers comfort and shock absorption              adiPRENE(R)+ in the forefoot and TORSION(R) system bar for midfoot arch protection              Blown-rubber outsole for lightweight grip and cushion

Universal Shoes The Serena is a great shoe for the league player. It provides all the performance and durability you expect from Dexter in a comfortable athletic-style shoe.

This neutral shoe is designed for the entry level runner. A synthetic/mesh upper adds lightweight comfort and support. The C-Cap CMEVA midsole adds cushioning and flexibility, and heel and forefoot ABZORB units provide shock absorption, Stability Web offers midfoot support and torsional stability, while the solid rubber outsole delivers a lightweight cushioned ride.

Look and see how Bongo these peep toe dress pumps use tonal stitching, seductive vents, and intricately woven overlays to produce an alluring peep toe dress pump. Pair the vintage style of a 3 inch stacked heel with fashionable dresses to make an impression at any evening affair.	Bongo is about having fun and being yourself. The Bongo lifestyle is best described as simple California cool

Vivanz offers unbelievable comfort in casual styles that are perfect day to night.

Kangaroo leather upper with Predator elements, injected stripes, dual-density external heel counter eliminates rubbing, asymmetrical loop lacing, ergonomically correct fold-over tongue stays down via elastic tongue trainer. PowerPulse technology gives more shooting power through relocated weight distribution. Two-piece split TPU outsole allows increase in feel while decreasing weight. Exchangable Traxion clip-in system allows customization depending on field conditions. Magnesium studs are four times lighter than aluminum, yet are twice as strong.

Mizuno...Your Passion Is Their Obsession!      Mizuno Mens 9-Spike Vintage G4 Metal Cleats (Low) feature

Take a walk in complete style and comfort in this lightweight walking shoe. Durable, full-grain leather upper with removable polyurethane sockliner for ultimate comfort and support. Midfoot Transition Bridge provides support with a beveled heel design that enhances the walking stride. Opti-Flex Zone improves forefoot flexibility. Wt. 11.9 oz.

Waterproof ski boots can trap moisture, reduce insulation, and foster fungal growth--not a healthy situation for winter feet. The ThermoAir Plus from DryGuys keeps feet happy by drying out, and heating ski boots. Plus, it dries gloves at the same time. The two separate turbine-powered drying units--one for each boot--each have their own 4-1/2-foot power cord. One cord has an extension so the two can be combined and plugged into one wall outlet. During use, the dryers long flexible tube extends into the toe of the boot, while the cuff is cinched around the turbine fan. With a choice of two temperature and two speed settings, heated air is sent into the boot, where it circulates, collects moisture, and then wicks out through the exhaust tube. Protruding out the top of the boot, the shorter exhaust tube holds a glove upright, so it dries at the same time. The lower temperature setting (approximately 100 degrees Fahrenheit) is used for drying boots-- which usually takes 45 minutes--though an hour and a half is recommended. The higher temperature should only be used for ten to twenty minutes to preheat boots (a wad of newspaper in the cuff will preserve heat during carry time). Lightweight and portable, the dryers conveniently store inside each boot. --Ann Bieri	The ThermoAir Plus is the worlds most powerful portable boot dryer. The ThermoAir Plus twin turbine technology delivers large volumes of heated air to simultaneously remove moisture and warm gloves and boots.   The ThermoAir Plus uses two powerful mini turbine fans to dry a pair of boots and a pair of gloves at the same time.  Only DryGuy has an exclusive patent-pending process that pressurizes the boot.  The fan moves up to 5 cubic feet of warm air per minute through each boot and glove.  The warm, moving air wicks away the moisture and perspiration, leaving boots and gloves dry.  Thermo Air Plus is small and packs in your boots, so you have the benefit of no extra luggage.

Men's Field-Pac 17" Neo Insulated Nipple Outsole Knee Boots. These Field-Pac Knee Boots are ideal for trudging through the nastiest backwater sloughs. The comfortable sung ankle fit will keep your feet locked in

The Reebok NFL Team Fleece Hood is made of 100% polyester fleece and features a twill and embroidered team graphic, rib at bottom band and cuffs and welt pockets. Imported.

101654BKR85 Features

Classic athletic shoe styling from the LA Gear collection of casual footwear. Leather upper with rubber outsole makes this a great value in a traditional style.

Nine West's Rocha is such a versatile pump, you'll want to wear it every day of the week. The sleek shape is appropriate for the office, while the high heel and platform give it enough oomph to look good for after hours fun, too.	Women's Nine West, Rocha High heel pumps  This stylish pump comes in either a leather upper or fabric upper  A platform pump with a rounded toe  added arch support for all day comfort  1/4 inch platform with a 4 inch heel  Man-made sole

Women's 4 3/4 Inch Cone Heel Shoe With Detachable Front Straps

Soft full-grain leather and synthetic upper with anodized soft touch finish. Tongue made of 3D space mesh provides breathability and comfort. CMEVA midsole and midfoot shank wrapped inside to produce comfort and stability.  Weight 9.6 oz.

With a pedigree that dates back to the jazz age, Whiting & Davis is renowned for its sleek and innovative metal mesh handbag collection. In 1999, The Inge Christopher Group acquired Whiting & Davis handbags. Soon,the brand's founders realized they had acquired an aesthetic gem as they began pioneering new ways to play with mesh. The creative team added novelty colors, dramatic new textures, and retro-paint effects to its repertoire, designing exquisite handbags that soon became the most coveted arm candy on the red carpet. The product ranges from cosmetic cases, wallets and key rings to highly sophisticated handbags.

Terra Steel Toe "Gaitor" Boots live up to their name day after day without fail! No doubt about it... these hombres are worthy toughies that take good care of your feet on the job! They're also laceless, with pull-on loops and an elastic gore to make the on / off process speedy. Take a look at what goes into these Boots, then look at my rockbottom price if you need any more convincing! The rest of the story

Yaktrax Walker is the original Yaktrax version consists of spikeless/strapless secure grip, SkidLock coil system and made of specially treated steel. The SkidLock coil system stays snugly with your shoe, offering unhindered ease of movement. Coils are hand-wound in opposite directions to enhance stability. Great for pedestrians, walkers, elderly and kids. Made from injection molded plastic for easy on and off. Made with 1.2mm steel wires with zinc chromate plating to protect against rust. Weight

Prevent damage from rain, mud, snow & salt. Perfect fit over most style shoes or riding boots. 100% waterproof protection made of high stretch tear resistant natural rubber for easy on and off. Designed for extra traction on slippery surfaces. Lightweight, yet tough, durable & comfortable fit. Ladies Size/Shoe

Synthetic/mesh upper, ACTEVA midsole with ABZORB SBS in the heel and forefoot, Stability Web, dual-density medial post delivers pronation control, Rollbar(TM) brings added stability. Solid rubber outsole.

liner black leather 90

liner black leather 95

Melding style and comfort through its classic design and unique shock- absorbing footbed, the Softwalk women's Mariposa clog is an inspired springtime  and  summertime accessory. The Merced features embroidered vamp detail on the upper  that  turns heads, along with a buttery soft leather upper and lining. The padded  collar,  hidden gore, and patented egg-crate footbed, meanwhile, are built specifically to  minimize pain and fatigue from hours of walking and standing. Finally, the shoe  offers a  lightweight molded polyurethane sole and a 1-1/2-inch heel. As with all Softwalk  shoes,  the Mariposa clogs are designed for women who aren't willing to compromise on  comfort.	This casual sandal adds the perfect summer style to your look  Snake-print leather upper  Elastic cross straps for a foot-hugfing fit  Faux suede-covered, foam-padded footbed  Flexible polyurethane sole  1-1/8" heel height

PAUL FRANK JULIUS FLIP FLOPS * 100% RUBBER * SMALL=SIZE 6 AND 7 MEDIUM=7 AND 8 LARGE=9 AND 10 * MEDIUM WIDTH* IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $12.00NOW -

Its not a shoe.  Its a sandal.  Sanuk sidewalk surfer sandals afford maximum comfort and style.

Like every Timberland product, the Timberland Quilted boot is built rugged to withstand the elements and outlast everything in your closet. Nubuck upper features a quilted, down-filled collar for comfort. Rubber lug outsole delivers dependable traction.

Every day will be your lucky day as long as you're wearing the Idalee slide from Rockport. This sophisticated sandal has double cross front pebbled leather bands with contrast stitching, a stunning brushed gold buckle detail, and a low sturdy stacked heel. Additionally, the innovative leather lined footbed will cradle your foot providing long-lasting comfort from morning to night, while the flexible rubber outsole will keep both feet on the ground with pure confidence and grace. The Idalee is bound to be your new warm weather favorite.	Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.

WARM, Waterproof Rocky 1,200 gram Thinsulate Insulation -135 degree Blizzard Stalkers. These Rocky Blizzard Stalkers are comfort-rated down to a marrow-chilling -135 degree for total cold-kiboshing protection. Renowned Rocky quality from heel to toe; Waterproof, oiled suede leather and 1,000-denier Cordura uppers, combined with Rocky's waterproof construction, for 100% waterproof protection; 1,200 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation; Removable 3-layer EVA insole with moisture-wicking fleece and wool to cushion and keep feet dry; Multi-directional Rocky Bob rubber outsoles plow through snow and mud without clogging; 3/4-gussetted, padded tongue keeps the wet stuff out; Anti-reflective 5 tunnel loop / 5 speed hook lacing; Steel shank for support; Approx. 11" h. and 43 ozs. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Get yours ONLINE today! AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Blending contemporary urban style with everyday functionality, the Ride and Seek from Kenneth Cole Reaction is a must-have addition to your fall and winter wardrobe. This military inspired, knee high leather boot has a high 14.5-inch shaft, burnish treatment on the toe, and multi-strap and buckle closure. The leather sole with slashing provides dependable traction.	What you stand for is more important than what you stand in. Fortunately, Kenneth Cole New York can help you with both. An American designer known for both his social conscious and a chic, urban aesthetic, Kenneth Cole translates what's hip and what's now to your life, to your closet. With a variety of styles, all with the distinctive Kenneth Cole flair, these shoes are sure to make a statement.

The Terra-Fi 2 Sandal's continued excellence gained them a reputation as Teva's most popular Women's sandal. The Terra-Fi 2 Sandal's durable webbing straps stand up to mile after mile of hiking on trails, over rocks, and through rivers. Grabby spider rubber soles provide great traction over variable terrain and slick riverbeds, and Shoc Pads inside the heel absorbs the impact of each step you take. Additional padding on the ankle-strap adds to the sandals comfort, and antimicrobial zinc in the footbeds adds to your buddies comfort by keeping your feet fresh.Product FeaturesMaterial

The adidas adi Speed is a hybrid of the Titan from 1972. Plush suede or corduroy upper with visible EVA midsole.

Cordura & Leather Upper, Padded collar, Removable cushion insole, Vulcanized rubber sole, Vents

Women's feet are not shaped like men's feet. Nowhere is this more apparent than after you stand around for several hours in poor-fitting neoprene booties. That's why we think Keen is really onto something with their female-specific Roatan water shoes. Everything about the fast-drying neoprene upper is designed around the contours of a woman's foot. The Roatan also has a high-traction carbon rubber sole and Keen's patented protective toe bumper so you don't have to dread tripping over unseen and slimy river boulders.

The Trigon 4 Ride gives the neutral runner superb cushioning and flexibility.

101440GRY395 Features

When you love the original, the Men's Sperry Top-Sider A/O 2 Eye Boat Shoes won't disappoint. These are the same shoes that originated out of a passion for the sea in 1935, and they will never go out of style. The leather uppers are bold and durable, the EVA heel cup provides additional comfort and the non-marking rubber outsoles have razor cut Wave-Siping for exceptional traction on wet and dry surfaces. These shoes are originals worth keeping around.

Featuring the NFS design and a squared toe box, this NFS Indoor offers superior fit for medium to wide foot types. Constructed on a Natural Foot Shape last, this shoe is ideal for players seeking cushioning, durability, and a generous fit in the forefoot. Its soft synthetic and mesh upper requires very little break-in time, and its cushy tongue and collar provide additional comfort and support around the ankle.	Back by popular demand! Natural rubber outsole, molded EVA midsole, soft, full grain leather upper, removable anatomical sockliner in soft EVA, built on NFS last

This soft toe pull up leather oxford is a work horse, comfortable and stylish, yet built for work. It comes with a nylon mesh lining and Ortholite sock liner. The midsole has EVA construction while the outsole sports cement construction and T656 rubber. This shoe comes equipped with slip resistant soles that reduce the risk of slips and falls.

3 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Ankle Strap.

Get inspired with these smart looking dressy mules, featuring an advanced Merrell comfort design.  Smooth leather and stretch microfiber fabric upper in a low backed mule style perfect for work or weekends, with a rounded toe, stitching accents and stretch center panel.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned Q-Form comfort insole.  Unique Spire design features Air Cushion midsole, midfoot support bridge, 1 1/2 inch heel and sporty traction outsole.

The shoe stretch helps keep the shape of the shoe as well as dry shoes out to prevent odor build up and prevent bacteria.  The water glass technology adsorbs moisture and once unit is full the indicator window beads will turn pink. Then it's time to recharge unit. Plug in for 8-10 hours until crystals are blue then it's ready to reuse. Front piece is detachable to fit smaller shoes.  Fits most sizes.

Show off your playful side with this wild wedge from Penthouse Shoes by Ellie. The Kat is available in boldly printed fabric or synthetic leather with a classic buckled mary-jane strap for a flirty pin-up look, while its towering cork platform is decorated with Sailor Jerry-inspired embroidery.	4.5 inch Cork Wedge Pump Women's Size Shoe With Tattoo Embroidery.

"Gold standard" Wolverine GORE-TEX Insulated Work Boots! The color is Gold, and the best-quality components and construction meet "the gold standard," too! Uppers are premium waterproof nubuck leather and 1,000-denier Cordura nylon; 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation offers non-bulky warmth; Vibram rubber stars & bars lug outsole resists oil, chemicals, heat, abrasion and slippage; Polyurethane midsole and removable full-cushion insole absorb shock; Cambrelle lining wicks moisture; Approx. 8" h., 30 ozs. Great Boots for Winter, construction and Hunting. Order ONLINE Today! State Width

This soft, handsewn, buttery deerskin leather moccasin is perfect for relaxing around home, or scrunch them up in your travel bag and take them on a trip  Deerskin Leather Upper  Ribbed Crepe Outsole is Slip-Resistant  Traditional Kiltie Moccasin  1/2" Heel

Sassy doesn't begin to describe this zesty platform sandal from Two Lips.  A sky-high platform and eye-catching wedge heel sport a faux leather upper with whimsical stitching.  Peep-toe styling shows off perfectly polished toes, and the adjustable slingback allows for a custom fit.	For stylish casual footwear that just screams style, Two Lips is the brand. Boasting a variety of playful styles from sandals to mary janes, Two Lips shoes help you get into the spirit of the season. With Two Lips footwear, stylish comfort is just a step away.

101440GRY38 Features

Timberland's classic Field Boots hold up to plenty of wear and tear, year after year. Rugged, dependable and waterproof to keep your feet dry and comfortable while offering plenty of support.	The Field Boot Waterproof Wheat Nubuck by Timberland Tree features

Pleaser's Bliss pump is a sure-fire way to spice up any outfit in an instant. The shimmering satin upper sports perfect pleats, a pretty ruffled collar, and a bow on the vamp. The tall stiletto heel gives you that sexy, leg-lengthening look that you want.	Heel Height

The brand El Naturalista (The Naturalist) originates from La Roja, Spain -- a fertile, prosperous land known for their artisan shoemakers since ancient times. They know their trade, their quality and how to strike a healthy balance between traditional and modern shoes. Their products are universal, adaptable, and nature-inspired.	Standing for The Tree of Life in Nordic mythology, the El Naturalista Iggdrasil N097 finds its origins in this ancient tale. Set in an upper of pull-grain leather treated with river stones to temper the hide naturally, which gives it an attractive rustic look but is softened until optimal comfort is reached. This beautiful leather of this women's boot is contrasted by a knit shaft that cuffs for a fashionable look. This El Naturalista boot has an anatomically-correct insole made from recycled cork allows breathability and shoe hygiene and the recycled footbed is contoured to the natural shape of the foot for lasting comfort. Stay warm and eco-friendly in the fashion-forward El Naturalista Iggdrasil N097.

Molded synthetic leather upper with soft synthetic leather finish, internal bootie construction with soft stretchable mesh provides optimum fit and comfort, ghosted shell structure in vamp-toe area. Internal midsole construction adds clean, seamless appearance, adiPRENE+ forefoot cushioning insert, integrated 3D Torsion System. Non-marking rubber outsole with classic herringbone pattern offers maximum traction on court or off.

DR SCHOLL'S SLIDE * UPPER--LEATHER WITH BUCKLE * MIDSOLE--WOOD **TAN NOT AVAILABLE IN SIZE 7 **BLACK ONLY AVAILABLE IN 8 AND 9 **WHITE ONLY AVAILABLE IN 6 AND 10

Lightweight, synthetic upper breathes well and provides support and protection adiPRENE+ insert in the forefoot delivers premium propulsion and adiPRENE insole provides great shock absorption Stud Key and three sets of studs for soft ground, firm ground or turf playing surfaces Non-slip lining for comfort Fiberglass-reinforced nylon-G shank

Mighty American Cd Wallet

kate spade was founded in 1993 with six simple handbags that shook up what had been a quiet accessories category.Fifteen years and a handbag revolution later, wit and playful sophistication are hallmarks of everything "kate spade," a world that now includes a broad array of products.A strong sense of personal style and a passion for color set the tone for each kate spade collection. kate spade continues to find inspiration in the everyday and the unpredictably elegant, bringing a graceful, exuberant approach to style and living.

It's the classic UGG look that's recognizable the entire world over! With timeless UGG strong colors, a luxurious step, and replaceable insoles, our UGG Australia Men's Ultra Short Boots are made for the long haul! Pick up a pair of these fantastic boots and keep your feet in comfort today!

The Converse Wade is Dwyane Wade's signature basketball shoe. Full-grain leather upper with mesh tongue for breathability. Internal Neoprene bootie construction supports the foot and provides added comfort. Double lasted construction provides low-to-the-ground control. Injection molded pieces in the shank add support. Removable CMEVA innersole gives cushion. All elements of Foot Strike Management (outrigger on the lateral side, rounded outsole on medial side, flex grooves throughout outsole area).  Wt. 13.8 oz.

jumpp green fabric 75

jumpp green fabric 70

adidas Response Cushion

In 1804, T. & A. Evans (Thomas and Amos) were running a small shoe business connected with a general store in the town of South Reading. There was no shoe factory as we know it today, just a small shop where Thomas and Amos cut the leather for their shoes. The actual shoe making was farmed out among the people of the town, while Thomas and Amos supplied them with uppers, soles, counters and heels to be assembled into shoes. All shoes were sewed by hand whenever the shoemaker-farmers could spare the time. Today L.B. Evans is owned and operated as a division of Daniel Green Enterprises. Many of the traditional gentleman's slipper styles are still part of the line, but the business has grown to include new updated classics, premium products including elk and deer, and an array or rugged, warm outdoor styles. Daniel Green Enterprises remains committed to the quality and comfort guarantee that the Evans brothers established over 200 years ago.	Men's L.B. Evans Logan Clog - Style Slippers... classic casual styling just right for everyday wear! There's nothing more classic and comfortable than the Clog Slipper! You have a choice of 2 upper / lining combinations, and also 2 widths so your feet will enjoy the exact comfort they deserve. L.B. Evans quality is well known, and so are the affordable prices you can count on when you buy from us here at Bargain Outfitters. Winning features right here! Saddle color has suede upper with sherpa insole; all other colors have a thick wool upper with wool insole; Warm fleece lining; Contoured insole for custom fit and feel; Durable indoor / outdoor rubber outsole. State Full Size, Width and Color. Order your Slippers today! Men's L.B. Evans Logan Clog-Style Slippers

With its sturdy safety toe and durable rubber sole, the American heritage boot from Thorogood will get the job done while keeping you protected. It also features thickly-padded linings and extra cushioning in its high collar for keeping your ankle stable.	Men's Thorogood American Heritage Safety Toe Boots... made in the U.S.A.! Weinbrenner, the leading manufacturer and pioneering force in the American footwear industry, has been making Thorogood boots since 1892. You'll see their dedication to craftsmanship, expertise and innovation in these Thorogood American Heritage Safety Toe Boots

The ultimate water shoes. Protect your feet when you're in the water. Itasca Bayous are a smooth second skin to protect you from jagged rocks and the assorted crud that accumulates under bodies of water. More

Lakai Soca Ha Black Shoes.  Features High Abrasion Toe, Eyestay and Heel Panels, W/ PolyurethaneCoated Leather, Lightweight Cup Sole, Internal EVA Middole Cushioning, Durable Suede Upper, Breathable Mesh Tongue, Heel Pull Tab, and a Shock Absorbing Insole.

Style, comfort, and stability--the Chapman wedge sandal has it all. A perfect complement to summery skirts or tailored jeans, this easy-to-wear style has a strappy leather upper joined by a woven panel at the vamp and a slender buckle quarter strap for an adjustable secure fit. Cushioned comfort insoles and a soft sueded footbed keep your feet feeling good, and the slight platform midsole and moderate wedge heel are a comfortable and fashionable way to add a little height.	The "Chapman" is strappy silhouette that will flatter the foot.	Soft leather upper with an adjustable ankle strap for a great fit.	Lightly cushioned footbed for added comfort.	The chic molded wedge heel will provide added height and style.	3" heel.	1/2" platform.

cult 26011 wbk 9.5

iglou black suede 70

The Walking Cradles Jenna sandals feature a leather upper with a peep toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Soft full-grain leather upper with dual interlocking midfoot strapping system. Internal EVA wedge midsole with molded EVA sockliner. Compression-molded adiWEAR rubber outsole with notched cleats.

All of you nurses out there have taken care of us long enough. It's our turn now. We can't make the long hours or low pay go away, but we can help you stay comfortable and make your job a little easier with the NurseMates 204114 Annie HI Women's White Classic Nursing Shoes.A NurseMates classic, the Annie HI features leather uppers and a stain-resistant finish for easy wear and care. The shock-absorbing polyurethane bottoms provide support so you can make the most of every step. Inside, they have a padded lining for soft, relieving comfort. The hand-stitched, true-moccasin construction delivers the traditional flexibility the Annie HI is known for. Classic, lace-up design provides functional style for every day.Step into traditional comfort and classic design with the NurseMates 204114 Anni HI Women's White Classic Nursing Shoes. It's our way of taking care of you for a change.Sizes Manufactured

This 10" uninsulated military uniform boot from Danner offers superior protection, comfort, and support over the long haul. Full-grain leather uppers are paired with a breathable waterproof GORE-TEX membrane and moisture-wicking, abrasion-resistant Cambrelle lining to keep your feet dry and comfortable. Stitch-down construction creates a wide platform for stability and also makes the boot re-soleable for extended wear. The Fort Lewis boot is outfitted on a  cushioning Vibram sole and features an airthotic insole to reduce foot fatigue.	Ready for duty! American-made Danner Elite Series Fort Lewis Boots. A stalwart uninsulated Boot for warmer climates. The patented GORE-TEX liner keeps you dry no matter how long you're out there, and rugged Danner construction protects you from injury. Specs

With the look and feel of a classic tuxedo shoe, the Crown moc-toe oxford by Sandro Moscoloni is the right choice for the office or special occasions. Made in Spain with patent leather and satin for comfort, flexibility and support.	Classic style tuxedo oxford features patent leather with fabric vamp. All leather uppers offer breathability and long lasting wear. European-like craftsmanship. Rubber/leather combination sole for long lasting comfort.

Like a classic ballet flat or chic trenchcoat, an Alexis Hudson handbag is destined to stand the test of time thanks to its ability to adapt to and transform the individual style of each woman who carries it. Each luxurious Alexis Hudson bag includes subtle, yet thoughtful, design elements such as hidden magnetic closures, penholders, adjustable straps, key chain clasps, and plenty of room for all the important things a busy girl carries.

This rugged leather 8 work boot doesn't skimp on comfort  Leather upper  Guaranteed Nitrile sole is guaranteed to outwear its leather upper  Goodyear welt construction  Dirt-excluding gusseted tongue  Velvet-eez air cushioned insole  Steel toe rates M I/75 C/75 in accordance with ASTM F2412-05  F2413-05

Can a shoe this sturdy give you happy feet? It can if it's this one from Dr. Martens. Built with patented Flexlink technology for comfort like you've never known, this shoe also features a durable Goodyear welt construction. This classic DM style will go well with any of your casual clothing, making it a sure wardrobe favorite.	Brand

AT LAST, Georgia Boot Fireproof Loggers. Because walking on hot embers really hurts. SAVE BIG! Hottest footwear going! Famous Georgia Boot developed cutting edge technology, creating their first Fireproof Logger. A fireman's dream come true! Now it's only athlete's foot that burns, not your performance footwear. The secret is field-proven Boulder leather, a 20-year "veteran" of enhanced toughness. It meets NFPA Protective Footwear standards for structural fire fighting standards as a fireproof boot. Smoking hot price, too. A slight style change saves big bucks off the usual in-store price! Sparks

Strappy Sandal With 4 Inch Stiletto Heel

6" Heel Sandal W/ Braided Ankle Wrap

WORK AMERICA's leather service oxford is designed to stand up to harsh work conditions  Leather upper  Leather quarter lining  Oil-resistant, non-marking, flexible, cushioned urethane sole  Goodyear welt construction  Heavy-duty shank  Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole with longitudinal cushion  Padded tongue

Gorgeous from its pointed toe to its tall tapered heel, the Billie slingback is a sophisticated classic that will never go out of style. A genuine eel skin upper sets it apart from the crowd, and a subtle buckle on the heel strap lets you adjust for the perfect fit. Comfortable, classy, and very flattering, this is a great desk to dinner shoe.	Pelle Moda was created in 2002 by Sam Chen, the founder of another branded footwear company called Moda Spana. Mr. Chen recognized the need for high-fashion footwear which was inspired by the high end designers, but without the designer price. Are you looking for the latest in stylish and exciting footwear? Check out the Pelle Moda line of exceptional mules and sandals. Straight off the runway, these designs have a flair all their own. These updated versions of classic footwear are truly unequaled for style and comfort. For a look as unique as the person who wears them, try Pelle Moda.

The TuffRider classic style laced paddock boots in synthetic leather stand up to everyday rigors of riding and barn work. Features a steel shank, stitched latex sole, spur rests and punched toe. Speed lacing helps with easy on/off. Ladies full and half sizes

Super league leather upper with Predator, asymmetrical loop lacing, ergonomically correct fold-over tongue. TPU outsole with injected TraXion(TM) studs (Turf has pre-molded midsole, adiPRENE and Torsion System). Wt. 11.0 oz.

This handcrafted checkbook wallet has a slot with a turned edge to hold your checkbook, two deep well interior pockets for currency and 5 card slots for your credit cards or ID.

100% cotton canvas, Natural canvas webbing straps, antique brass hardware, inside hanging pocket, 13 1/2"W x 14"H x 3 1/2"D.

The TNT redefines a vintage design with quality materials and supporting construction. Endorsed by allterrain destroyer Tony Trujillo.Black/Charcoal Sheos.

Built tough like the man who wears 'em, these Bucklace boots by Dan Post are made to keep up with your rugged western lifestyle. Constructed with a 13-inch tan leather shaft and hand-laced vamp with intricate western detailing, they also include a full leather lining that breaks down to mold perfectly to your foot for years of dependable wear. An S toe design, comfort flex cushion insole, sturdy leather sole, and traditional cowboy heel complete the thoughtful, durable design of this classic cowboy boot.	Cowhide rugged... made deerskin supple! Famed Dan Post Deertan Boots, SALE SAVINGS! Dan Post Deertan Western Boots, just rip-snortin' with comfort and style! The handsome leather uppers are premium full-grain oiled cowhide... ultra-supple and flexible thanks to the "deer-tanning" process. Makes for a real "purdy" Walnut color, too. Give these a whirl 'round the dancehall

Great for skate, BMX or casual wear, the Globe Conflict features molded rubber quarter and heel panels for comfort. Hostile outsole provides exceptional traction and enhanced board control. Suede/synthetic/mesh or action leather/synthetic/mesh upper offers comfort, breathability and great style.

Brand new COACH black/white Signature Soho Flap purse. Style #6808. This bag features an adjustable 25 in. leather handle and trim, contrast stitching, nickel buckle and hardware, snap closure, and interior pockets. Measurements

coyl natural paris 60

Open mesh and synthetic leather upper, CMEVA midsole with Torsion System, adiPRENE in heel and adiPRENE+ in forefoot, blown and carbon rubber outsole. Wt. 11.8 oz.

PLAYDRY textured fabrication with odor free treatment, shaped hem, contrast panels and mesh inserts, Vector heat transfer logo, 100% polyester.

You can't go wrong with a boat shoe on laid-back days. This two-eyelete style from Sperry offers contrast stitching and mesh panels, to ensure breathability. A rubber outsole adds traction and durability, making it perfect for days on the boat or at the pool. The full-grain leather upper is flexible, keeping you in comfort no matter how active your lifestyle.	Genuine Handsewn Construction and Padded Tongue for Durable Comfort Stain and Water Resistant Leather for Durable and Lasting Wear 360 Lacing System with Rust Proof Eyelets for a Secure Fit Molded EVA Cushion Midsole for All-Day, Under-Foot Comfort Air Mesh Upper Panels for Cool, Breathable Comfort Around the Foot Non-Marking Rubber Outsole with Wave-Siping for Ultimate Wet / Dry Traction

Intensify your look with this bold boot from Pleaser. Its chunky platform and flared heel lift height and offer an elaborate silhouette, while a buckled straps deliver an edgy vibe. A full-length zipper on the side makes for easy dressing.	Heel Height

The Georgia waterproof system and waterproof full-grain leather are up to the task in all types of weather! Oil resistant rubber Casper outsole for durability; Fully lined with waterproof material; Repairable Goodyear welt construction; Steel toe and shank for safety; Smooth side-lining construction; Georgia waterproof system; Waterproof full-grain leather for durability and comfortability; Notched storm welt for stability

coyl white paris 100

Easy Spirit's walking shoe features leather and nylon uppers, a padded collar and tongue for superior comfort and 5-eye lacing to ensure the perfect fit. A removable nylon insole wicks away excess heat and moisture, while the rubber out-sole provides superb cushioning and traction. Designed to be a walking shoe, this shoes offers updated styling and materials that have  allowed it to make the transition to a casual shoe. Wear these with your workout clothes, and pair with weekend attire, if that's your preference.	Women's Easy Spirit, Medley  This level two leather walker has a lightweight flexible construction  Genuine leather uppers  Shockfoam sockliner provides addedcushioning  Rubber outsole  A great choice for casual wear and light walking.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Columbia Bugabootres Boots... here's proof that even a good thing can be improved! Big boot news... one of the most popular boot "families" on the market has been updated! The news is all about FLEX-SHELL technology that maximizes the warmth, comfort and protection of your boots through dual density construction. All the goodies

Whether you're uptown, downtown, or out of town this Reef sandal will serve you well. The upper is easy to slip on and features cool colors with exotic texturing, while the Eva footbed cushions every stylish step.	When it\222s time to make a quick getaway to the beach, slip on the Reef Uptown Girl Sandals. A low profile makes for minimalist design, while spunky prints help express your personality.Product FeaturesUpper Material

Havana Joe was born in 1993 on the coast of the Mediterranean in Alicante, Spain. Antonio Vicente created his shoes for walking. Each shoe is carefully crafted of first quality Spanish leathers right there in Alicante. Whether it be exploring the Aztec ruins of Mexico or battling the rush hour streets of Manhattan, Havana Joe is the shoe to accompany you on all your walking adventures.	Havana Joe Classic Chukkas, SAVE HUGE! Comfort, style and 4 x 4 sure-grip and stability. Plus a huge Close-Out discount! Waterproof, oil-tanned, full-grain leather uppers; Rubber outsole for sure grip and cushioning; Removable, leather-lined, anatomical, antibacterial insole; Padded tongue and collar; Calfskin leather lining; Each approx. 22 ozs. State European Full Size. Medium width. Order Now! European Sizes to U.S. Sizes

Aetrex aims to please with this cute and seriously comfortable Mary Jane, designed specially for those with foot-related conditions and general foot discomfort. Beginning with its super easy and adjustable hook-and-loop closure, the B6000 is chock full of safety features, including a high, wide toe box to prevent friction and a hidden-depth rocker sole designed to protect the feet, legs, and back from the stress of standing or walking. The removable insoles allow you to customize your fit for added depth and comfort, while the thick rubber midsole and treaded bottom provide shock absorbency, traction and durability.	Designed to limit stress at the areas of the foot most susceptible to pain. These shoes are often recommended for diabetes, arthritis or for anyone seeking a shoe that provides maximum comfort. The Ambulator Biomechanical Mary Jane provides unsurpassed comfort and protection with unique features such as Hidden-Depth Rocker soles, removable comfort orthotics and soft pigskin leather linings. Multiple removable insoles provide a 1/2" of removable depth for maximum protection and fitting flexibility. Aetrex unique PRS insole (Pressure Relief System) allows you to easily customize the comfort and fit of the shoe by trimming the insole at the areas of pressure.

This rugged oxford is sewn from waterproofed bison leather. The durable latex sole contains an airport-friendly, carbon-fiber shank and a leather-covered, removable footbed features a cushioned, shock-absorbing Poron insole. Wear the Wynne any place you require style without sacrificing ruggedness.	You'll love the casual look and comfort features of the Neil M. Wynne shoe. Part of the Heritage collection, this men's oxford has a weather-resistant leather or bison leather upper with classic oxford styling. The leather and Dri-Lex lining pulls moisture away from the foot, with antibacterial qualities for dry, healthy feet. A removable, leather-covered Poron insole and genuine welt construction cushion your foot for all-day comfort; an airport-friendly carbon fiber shank offers great support without holding you up at a security checkpoint. Additional padding at the collar protects sensitive areas around the ankle. The durable rubber sole of the Neil M. Wynne lace-up shoe absorbs shock for a comfortable stride.

Stylish square toe oxford featuring 4-eyelet lace up, apron front design, Gloss Kid upper, leather lining and a thin, sleek non-leather sole.

The 31" Long Handle Shoe Horn is one of the longest shoehorns you will ever find. It makes putting shoes on easier than ever, with less effort and virtually no bending required than with shorter shoe horns. The flexible spring provides you the flexibility that is needed to easily slip your foot into virtually any shoe from any angle. 		There are eight individual pieces (view pictures above) that create this shoe horn. It consists of a polished solid wood spindle attached by means of a brass spring to a high quality plastic tortoise-shell shoe horn. We top it off with a hanger cap for convenient storage. All parts are made and assembled in the USA. 		It makes a perfect gift idea for various occasions (Holiday gift, Corporate / Business gift, etc.). You can even gift wrap the box we ship it in.		Please take the time to read the customer feedback on our product by clicking on our name (Long Handle Shoe Horn) above. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY BACK (notify us within 30 days of purchase date).

Your climbing adventure won't be complete without Five Ten's Dragon. This climbing shoe was made for daredevils since its extreme down-turned toe is even better for steep climbing and toe hooking. The lace-up front keeps you tucked in and in control and secures your every move with its rubber outsole.	Legend has it that dragons ate rocks. The aptly named Five Ten Dragon is a bit more picky, it thrives on steep rock. A radically downturned toe, specially designed midsole, and fully lined uppers give you the ability to chew up any rock you challenge.

Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!	Exude sophisticated style in the Walking Cradles Natty sandal. Sporty and breezy, this women's casual sandal has a premium leather upper in a slip-on silhouette; elastic goring and adjustable straps with hook-and-loop adjustability offer easy on/off and a snug, secure fit. Rely on the signature Tiny Pillows latex-cushioned footbed for hours of comfort atop the lightweight EVA sole of the Walking Cradles Natty sandal.

Synthetic leather upper. CMEVA midsole with forefoot GEL Cushioning System. NC Rubber(TM) outsole for excellent traction. Wt. 9.8 oz.

Built for walkers but with all the perks of a great running shoe, this Saucony sneaker gives you an unsurpassed fit for your athletic and casual lifestyle. With cushioning, stability and support features like a visible rear-foot grid system, a forefoot high-rebound compound and mid-foot support bridge, the Omni Walker is the athletic shoe for you.	Mens Saucony Omni Walker

Brand and Style - HUGO BOSSMorrison    Size - 8.5    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - Dark Brown    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Leather Sole

The Dr. Martens Women's 14-Eye Zip Boot is about anti-fashion. Its wearer has a strong sense of her own style, and she defines it in her own terms. For her, classic, everyday styles just won't do. A soft, weathered leather upper adds vintage appeal to this boot, providing a stylish, comfortable, broken-in look. A signature DM welted construction and trans sole offers lasting durability.

Carolina 12" Steel Toe Domestic Engineer Boots provide the ankle support and comfort you need! This 12-inch pair of Boots has the whole package. The good-looking black leather upper is comfortable and a Poron Permafresh insole fights odor. A Cambrelle-lined interior keeps moisture off your foot as well Details

Capture every man's heart in these stylish shoes from Rhino Red. The Casanova is a casual leather tennis shoe with vibrant print and a durable rubber outsole.

Leather upper with rubber outsole.

The Modesto men's casual shoe from Earth offers you versatility with a soft leather upper, raised detail stiching and contrasting leather trim. The fully padded, perforated leather footbed provides maximum comfort, while the anatomic footbed with shock-absorbing Gelron2000 ensures cushioning comfort.

Founded more than 40 years ago in Van Nuys, California, K-Swiss introduced the first all-leather tennis shoe, the K-Swiss Classic, in 1966. Since its inception, K-Swiss has rooted itself in California Sport with an aim to be the most inspiring and innovative athletic brand in the market. Today, the company offers performance and lifestyle footwear and apparel for several categories under its California Sports umbrella including Tennis Heritage, California Fit (Running, Triathlon and Fitness) and California Youth.	The K-Swiss Ultrascendor Mid takes the award-winning Ultrascendor to a new height. It features a Secure-fit lacing system that provides exceptional ankle support. The comfortable, padded Achilles Support grips the sock to minimize heel slippage. These features, combined with lightweight materials, work together to optimize support and comfort.

It's amazing what a customized boot can do for your attitude. As part of the TUNIT system, pair this rugged upper with a chassis and stud set, creating a boot that's perfectly suited for you.	#010495  The F50.7 TUNIT Standard Upper from adidas   A stylish upper that can be put with any TUNIT chassis and stud set to create a customized boot

5" Chunky Heel Sandal

Madcap logo-rama. This Chuck Taylor casual style shoe features a collection of historic logos  the All Star patch, the All Star script heel tab and the Chuck Taylor signature  all living in complete brand icon harmony. Canvas upper, rubber outsole.

Two natural jewelry cleaners work together to make your precious jewelry pieces look like new again. Diamonds and Pearls cleaner renews the original sparkle to all gemstones, including diamonds, pearls, emeralds, pearls, tanzanite and opals. 		Radiance 2000 Jewelry is key to renewing the original finish on all precious jewelry metals. This unique natural cleaner is the only product that removes tarnish from all jewelry metals including platinum, palladium, gold, sterling and titanium. Remove brown tarnish from Platinum and black tarnish  from all other precious jewelry metals.

Helle Comfort is the perfect brand for women who want total, anatomically designed comfort, in styles that are pretty and feminine! Helle Comfort was started in 1997 by husband and wife team Peter and Martina Helle. They developed Helle Comfort for the sophisticated woman who demands comfort, but does not want to look like she is wearing comfort shoes. The styles, which utilize many unique Italian leathers, Swarovski crystal ornaments, feminine heels and adjustability to fit widths ranging from 2W to 4A, can be worn casual-to office-to evening. Helle Comfort styles provide superior arch support, metetarsal support, and padded, flexible footbeds. Numerous styles have REMOVEABLE cork/latex arch support footbeds that are Dr. prescribed for support in our European market. These are great for travelling. Helle Comfort shoes provide the best looking comfort in footwear!

Oily leather upper with brass buckle and foam-backed isofix lining, hand-stitched construction, EVA forefoot wedge midsole and an anatomical polyurethane outsole.

Lightweight microfiber and synthetic patent upper, molded quarters add reinforcement and provide stability and ankle support. Wrapped CMEVA midsole, molded sockliner. Outsole designed to be lightweight, flexible and absorb shock. Internal shank in arch area.

The story of premium denim is one that is intricately intertwined with the launch of 7 For All Mankind in Los Angeles, California in the Fall of 2000. 7 For All Mankind was the first company to truly bring premium denim to scale, marking Los Angeles, California as denims venerable center for research and development--changing the landscape of denim forever. They are the preferred jean among Hollywoods leading ladies such as Angelina Jolie, Cameron Diaz, Jennifer Garner and Liv Tyler. The company continues to grow and evolve as a true denim lifestyle brand, expanding its product line to include sportswear for all ages, as well as handbag and footwear collections. 7 For All Mankind merges the worlds of denim and couture to redefine the fashion landscape.

SAVE BIG on these Carolina Steel Toe Low Hikers. No matter what trail you take, you're gonna be glad you're wearing these Carolina Steel Toe Low Hikers! Durable nubuck and nylon uppers hold up; Oil-resistant rubber outsole for grip; Removable, mesh-lined and padded EVA insole for moisture-wicking comfort; ANSI-approved steel toe protects piggies from heavy objects; Comfortable padded tongue and collar; Wicking PK mesh lining; Each approx. 5"h., 27 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Now! Men's Carolina Steel Toe Low Hikers, Gray

The Lotto Suprema FG 2T soccer shoe has a premium glove-fitting waterproof leather upper that provides optimum fit and feel for the ball. Anatomically shaped tongue. Puntoflex placed across the tread in the metatarsal area allows correct foot flexion and excellent rebound. Shock-Off insert in low-density polyurethane or EVA placed in the heel area of the shoe which improves cushioning and helps foot protection by absorbing and dispersing the impact forces. PU Dual Trac outsole with 12 PU fixed studs, six octagonal and six lamellar for perfect balance between stability and traction on firm grounds. Wt. 9.2 oz.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Boots*TORMENT-802, 5 1/2" Metal Spiked Tongue Blk Pat Knee BootAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

This ultra comfy slide by Fly Flot is designed to cradle your feet with its pillowy soft insole. Crafted from smooth, genuine leather, Dana features two adjustable buckled instep straps with cutouts on the side for breathable comfort. The leather-wrapped insole is generously padded for arch support and equipped with tiny ventilation holes to allow feet to breathe, keeping them cool, dry and fresh-smelling. The sandals slight wedge heel offers versatility for pairing with skirts, and the rugged treaded bottom provides slip-resistance and durability.	You've never felt comfort until you've walked in these women's sandals from Fly Flot. Set in a leather or nubuck upper, the Fly Flot Dana features beautiful cut-out detailing on the straps and adjustable buckles to help you acheive the perfect fit. The contoured footbed of this Fly Flot sandal is layered with latex and polyurethane foam under a perforated leather sock for breathable comfort and cushioning. The anatomical shape supports the foot in a natural position, reducing foot strain. Comfort is yours, and so is cuteness, in the Fly Flot Dana.

Rocky TMC GORE-TEX Chukkas. * WATERPROOF * Breathable * PRICED LESS! Foot-pampering style! Waterproof leather uppers; GORE-TEX waterproof, breathable membrane guarantees dry feet; Rocky TMC outsole for sure grip, comfort and long wear; Removable, polyester-lined, thick polyurethane insole for sheer comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue / collar; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out water / debris; Each approx. 6"h., 24 ozs. State Width

A hip, mid-top women's boot. The Ecko women's Stefani features a wild leather upper with logo detailing and perf detail. Padded collar and footbed add comfort. Durable rubber outsole provides dependable traction.

The ultimate cushioned, high mileage trainer for the neutral runner/underpronator seeking guidance from heel strike to toe-off. Breathable open mesh upper. SpEVA midsole bounces back to assist during propulsion phase of the gait cycle, large-volume heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, Trusstic System for lateral stability and guidance of the foot. Forefoot DuoSole outsole with AHAR heel plug. Wt. 11.1 oz.

The classic styling of Aerosoles' Matter of Fact loafer will become a staple in your wardrobe. The supple leather upper, moc stitching, and stylish hardware will perfectly pair with any of your work attire while this flexible design and padded insole keeps you light on your feet, all day long.	Since 1987, Aerosoles has developed high quality, comfortable and fashion-right shoes at affordable prices. Aerosoles offers a vast assortment of women's shoes to suit every occasion, from office wear to weekend gear and everything in between.

Slip into Sebago's Cayman II loafer for an always-classic look. The shiny leather shoe boasts handsome detailed stitching, a padded footbed with full arch support, and a stacked heel for a little lift.	Lace-free classics! Sharp Sebago Cayman II Brush-off Leather Loafers are so darn comfortable. Ideal for dress. Semi-dress. Even casual wear. Top-notch quality doesn't get much better than this. Each leather pair is handsewn by expert cobblers, using only the finest materials money can buy. And you can't go wrong with the popular penny-loafer moccasin design. It's a traditional style that looks dynamite at the office, at meetings, weddings, church and you name it. Judge for yourself. Take a look at these top-drawer features

A versatile trainer with dual density medial post and ABZORB, providing a combination of support and cushioning for the mild-to-moderate overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper provides breathable comfort with reflective details for safety. ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption. Stability Web lends superior midfoot support while reducing overall weight. Molded EVA midsole conforms to foot while providing a lightweight, cushioned ride. N-Durance rubber outsole delivers maximum durability in high-wear areas. Medial post offers pronation control. Wt. 13.5 oz.

Georgia Waterproof System Construction w/ Waterproof Full Grain Leather. Fully Lined With High Abrasion, Moisture Wicking Fine Weave Mesh. Soft Toe . 400 Gram thinsulate Ultra Insulation. Steel Shank. Replaceable Goodyear Welt Construction and Oil Resistant Rubber Hammer Outsole.

Double-layer mesh and synthetic leather upper with Lace Wrap System. KMS 100 CMEVA midsole with duoCELL in heel and idCELL in forefoot, ArchTec support. EverTrack outsole. Weight 10.9 oz.

For the ultimate experience, sink into the ultra-comfy VistaWalker from Propet. Whether you're power-walking or just trying to keep up a fast-paced, active lifestyle, its fully padded interior will keep you feeling good while its traditional design offers an easy, everyday look.	Women's Propet Velcro Vista Walker available in narrow to 2X wide! These Vista Walker Shoes are great for everyday wear... Medicare-approved for comfort and protection

The Lorant by Stacy Adams is a striking oxford with ostrich and crocodile print leather uppers and a durable stacked heel. Striking enough to make a statement but classic enough to be truly versatile, this shoe is ready to wear with anything in your wardrobe. Dress up dark jeans or top off a more formal outfit -- this shoe can take it, and its breathable leather linings and cushioned footbed will keep your feet comfortable from nine to five and beyond.	Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.

Trend-driven and edgy, BCBGMAXAZRIA strives to meet the needs of a broad spectrum of fashion-conscious women. With critically acclaimed and award winning collections, plus a loyal following of Hollywood's top celebrities, this fashion powerhouse has evolved into one of the hottest names in the fashion industry today. This footwear collection reflects the California lifestyle the BCBGMAXAZRIA clothing has come to embody.

A light-as-air take on a classic, the Gus oxford from Hush Puppies weighs in at four times less than its contemporaries. With its Stroebel construction for athletic ease and flexibility, and the ZeroG system for shock absorption and utter weightlessness, it's possible you'll forget that you're wearing them.	So light, they're almost weightless! Our ZeroG system reduces weight by removing bulky innersoles and using a special outsole that's four times lighter than normal shoes. In smooth leather. Pick up a pair today! Imported.

Lightweight molded synthetic upper. Harmonix(TM) technology in the heel for ultimate combination of stability and cushioning. Dual-density compression molded EVA midsole provides custom cushioning in high stress areas. Wrapped construction for better court feel. Internal midfoot shank provides torsional control and midfoot support. Non-marking rubber outsole with unique pattern that provides traction in all directions.

Adaptor Plug Kit - Handy kit helps you plug U.S. electrical appliances into most foreign outlets. 4 coded adaptor plugs with easy reference chart correspond to most countries worldwide

Eric Javits, famous for handbags in special textures and quality, now with shoes to match. Made in Italy of the finest materials.

The Heelys Slide roller shoes bring you a new style of kids' skate shoe with a special wheel housed in the heel. They allow you to transition to a roll at any given moment for coasting fun and original tricks. Remove the detachable wheel and they instantly transform into a pair of fashionable street shoes. Made of synthetic suede and mesh with an abrasion-resistant toe. PU midsole with Air Cushion outsole window. Uses the clear Fats wheel with molded graphics. Wave comfort heel bracket, ABEC 7, 688 bearings, Steel Coin Axle. Includes Sole Saver heel plug and removal tool. Please select one size up from normal size for proper fit.

The men's oxford from Giorgio Brutini pulls off retro style with panache that's never old-fashioned. It features an upper made of genuine snake skin with four eye blucher, plus a hardy man made sole.	Bring a little adventure with you wherever you go in these exotic, chic oxfords from Giorgio Brutini. Polished genuine snakeskin upper in a dress oxford style, with side stitching, square plain Venetian style toe and four eyelet lace up with matching snakeskin tongue. Smooth lining, cushioned insole with snakeskin arch pad, flexible dress midsole. Siped topsole, smooth dress outsole and 1 inch capped dress heel.

Fashionable LeSportsac Shoulder Satchel has room for a compact umbrella as well as your many everyday necessities.

Inspired by the Corvettes of the 1950's A classic black patent bag accented with vibrant red.

Fashion is where you find it. Nunn Bush found it surrounded in comfort, dedicated to style, and walking in the legacy of quality craftsmanship. Since 1912, Nunn Bush has been making shoes of unparalleled distinction. Today, all Nunn Bush shoes are constructed with the same quality materials, specially selected leathers, and handcrafting expertise that goes back generations. It's something you'll experience in the uncompromising fit, flexibility, and strength in all their footwear.	Feel like a true gentleman of leisure in the Nunn Bush Henri loafer. This men's moccasin can look both casual and dressy, with its smooth leather or suede upper, stitching details and shiny metal bit at the vamp. A fully cushioned footbed lends comfort, while the rubber sole of the Nunn Bush Henri driving moc absorbs shock and offers grip whether you're on foot or behind the wheel.

Lifestyle meets trail with this running shoe that combines trail function with a clean, stylish look. Air mesh upper is lightweight and breathable. Injection molded EVA midsole with ABZORB in heel adds lightweight cushioning and shock absorption. Stability Web provides superior midfoot support while reducing overall weight. N-durance outsole offers long-wearing durability in high wear areas. Wt 10.5 oz

Browning 8" Featherweight Chukka Boots... outdoor warriors! Warm-weather troopers! Cinnamon nubuck leather uppers are waterproof with renowned GORE-TEX membrane keeping moisture out when rain clouds roll in. A removable EVA footbed with DRYZ and Gel Cell insert in the heel combine to both push perspiration away for dryness and cushion your stride for comfort. And the Vibram gum bob outsole offers unmatched traction for no-slip steppin'. Multifunctional masterpiece

Got chores? Rope these comfortable Rhino Packers... rugged work western stompers. Now, BIG BUCKS OFF! Modern cowpokes prefer Packers, these legendary workaholics with western flair! Must-have Boots for roping, riding, branding and general ranching. Tough on the outside. Comfortable on the inside. Right now, you can lasso BIG bucks off the usual $100.00 general store price. Yippy-i-oh-ki-aye

Women say, you can tell a lot about a man by his shoes, and the Harrison oxford from Florsheim will say a lot. It has a semi-polished leather upper with fine stitch detailing, a four eyelet lace up closure with lightly waxed laces, and a generously cushioned insole for complete comfort and foot satisfaction.	In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.

What's not to like about Reef's female Fanning? A water-friendly fabrication, a contoured, arch-supportive footbed, and airbag cushioning in the heel make it completely comfortable while a pretty print on the straps gives it easy style. This Betty knows how to rage, too

#112101  Score with top quality leather!

6 inch Pointed Stiletto Mule with Wood Bottom Women's Size Shoe.

Trust expert durability on the court or off with the K-Swiss DefierTM RS court shoe. This men's performance tennis shoe features a full grain leather upper with a supportive Ortholite insole. The high-abrasion TecTuff toe wrap and DragGuardTM in the toe and the heel enhance durability, while Shock Spring technology provides cushioned comfort. The Asta 7.0 rubber outsole of the DefierTM RS shoe features a tennis-specific, multi-surface herringbone tread pattern for lasting durability and traction.

"Glow color" man-made upper  Foam padded collar and tongue  Microfiber slide pads on both feet  Lightweight cushioned EVA midsole  Raised non-marking rubber heel

Composite Safety Toe Converse Stealth S.W.A.T. Boots. Performance. Every step of the way. Incredible comfort, safety and durability for your next mission

Put a little motorcycle chic in your boot weather look with the Aleshia from MIA. The soft leather upper has a road-tested look thanks to the distressed toe and heel while a quintet of buckles adds texture and edgy attitude. The lug sole gives you grip and street-smart appeal in this bold look.	Put a little motorcycle chic in your boot weather look with the Aleshia from MIA. The soft leather upper has a road-tested look thanks to the distressed toe and heel while a quintet of buckles adds texture and edgy attitude. The lug sole gives you grip and street-smart appeal in this bold look.		MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.

Originally introduced in 1978 as an indoor soccer shoe, the Puma 10 has since become one of Puma's most distinctive and historic casual products. Suede leather upper offers good looks and a soft feel. Rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

You'll go crazy over this detailed casual mule from Bass.  Smooth leather upper in a backless slip on casual clog style featuring a round toe, contrast stitching and metallic rivet accents, matching side straps with thin cutouts and modified t-strap.  Smooth lining with a cushioned suede footbed with smooth leather Bass logo accented heel pad.  Dyed to match natural textured 3/4 inch cork midsole rises to a 2 1/2 inch semi-detached mid wedge heel.  Flat traction outsole.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	Running shoe built for the neutral to under-pronator who requires an enhanced cushioning and extended durability.Mesh and synthetic leather upper for a breathable yet supportive fit.Ionic Cushioning System, composed of molded triangular pillars at the rear of the midsole, provides additional cushioning for the heelstrike phase of each running stride.Combination EVA/Polyurethane midsole.Removable sockliner with Ionic design.Scotchlite reflective.XT-600 carbon rubber outsole.Shoe weighs 12.9 oz.Measurements

The Timberland Men's Heritage Premium Waterproof Chukka has the same great qualities as our 6 Inch Premium Boots, only shorter in the height. Constructed to be waterproof and have plenty of support so your feet stay dry and comfortable. Built rugged, to hold up to years of use. Imported..

The Zephz Turf Animal soccer shoe is a great beginner cleat. Lightweight synthetic Zephtex upper. Comes with Color Trimz inserts that allow the colors to be changed in the heel. Simply insert one of the many color rods included into the tube. Hidden midsole give streamlined styling and a cleaner look. Rubber Multi-Traxx sole design combines blade cleats with a smaller turf cleat for traction on all field surfaces including new field turf. Wt. 7.4 oz.

Alpinestars is known as one of the most popular motorcycle apparel distributors. Alpinestar tests and manufactures their product line to be safe, comfortable and reliable for all type of riders. Alpinestars motorcycle boots have been designed and developed to give the ultimate level of balance, support and safety to your foot. Alpinestars boots have a sole that has superior grip on the foot pegs and a high level of pedal feel.  Alpinestars boots have internal structure to provide flexibility, movement and comfort of the foot while riding.  Alpinestars boots have inner lining foam that is breathable giving you long lasting freshness on short or long rides.  Alpinestars will always keep manufacturing new product lines, making sure that you are getting the newest in style and safety. Features an All-Terrain sole. Contoured shin plate protector is injected with high-modulus PU for a high level of impact and abrasion resistance. Reinforced leather plate runs along rear of the boot. Extended inside and outside plate guards the side and toe-box area of the boot. Calf plate designed for maximum grip, support and side contact. Patented "ankle-brace" system with shock absorbing ankle padding. Internal plastic reinforcement on the inner side of the boot is covered by thick stamped suede for increased grip and heat resistance. Instep flex-zone stitched for maximum support. Action leather upper. Alpinestars' exclusive high grip rubber double density compound outsole with a contoured tempered steel shank over injected inside the assembly insole. Four buckles with memory featuring a quick release/locking system. High impact resistant buckles made from injected techno-polymer. Top of the boot is sealed with a Velcro strap connected to elastic stretch PVC. Poly-fabric lining coupled with multi-density EVA. Removable anatomic foot bed. Extended gaiter helps prevent water entry.

Your 'Lil Diva will step into the spotlight in these sparkling Mary Janes! Covered in sequins, they are sure to dazzle and delight! The elastic strap and non-skid bottom makes them perfect for indoor and outdoor.		Inside Heel to Toe Length Measurements		5 - 5"	6 - 5 1/4"	7 - 5 1/2"	8 - 6"	9 - 6 1/4"	10 - 6 1/2"		Please note, these shoes run small. Measure your Divas feet and buy according to the suggested size chart

Waterproof ski boots can trap moisture, reduce insulation, and foster fungal growth--not a healthy situation for winter feet. The Air Plus from DryGuys keeps feet--and hands--happy by drying out ski boots and gloves at the same time. Two separate turbine-powered drying units are included--one for each boot. Each attaches to the two-pronged 6-foot AC power cord. During use, the dryers long flexible tube extends into the toe of the boot, while the cuff is cinched around the turbine fan. Room-temperature air is sent into the boot, where it circulates, collects moisture, and then wicks out through the exhaust tube. Protruding out the top of the boot, the shorter exhaust tube holds a glove upright, which is dried at the same time. Lightweight and portable, the dryers conveniently store inside each boot, and usually work best when used for at least two hours. --Ann Bieri	DryGuys AirPlus is the worlds most powerful portable AC/DC boot dryer. The AirPlus twin turbo technology delivers large volumes of air to simultaneously remove moisture from gloves and boots. The AirPlus uses two powerful mini turbine fans to dry a pair of boots and gloves at the same time.  Only DryGuy has an exclusive patent-pending process that pressurizes the boot.  The fan moves up to 5 cubic feet of ambient air per minute through each boot and glove.  The moving air wicks away the moisture and perspiration, leaving boots and gloves dry.  Operates on both 120-volt AC power source and 12 volt DC automotive power with optional adapter.  AirPlus is small and packs in your boots, so you have the benefit of no extra luggage.

Columbia's Westlake slides for women feature soft, suede leather uppers with exposed stitch detailing, molded in-soles and lightly tractioned out-soles. These ruggedly fashioned slides are the perfect shoe for casually active days and can be worn with any casual ensemble.	The Westlake slide sandals by Columbia Sportswear feature nubuck upper with open toe, rubber sole, suede lined insole and a 1 heel. International Shipping Prohibited.

Get your stomp on in this boot from Ariat. Sedona features classic Western style in smooth leather with unique, yet understated stitching. A sturdy outsole and dual pull-tabs make it a sure bet.	These are the men's Sedona with full-grain leather foot and shaft and a four-row collar stitch pattern. They also have a leather lining and a Duratred outsole.

Water-friendly synthetic leather upper with perforated quarter vamp for ventilation, Neoprene lining for comfort and airflow, CMEVA midsole and rubber outsole with herringbone tread for traction.

Summer fun goes straight to their feet! crocs' Athens sandal, with its contoured straps and footbed, is ergonomically designed to bring maximum comfort to their busy little soles, and its bright color combinations bring extra amusement.	Your favorite Crocs now come in a cool sandal!  Soft, pliable Crocs Croslite(R) upper in a thong sandal style is totally comfortable, with embossed logo and soft toe post.  Smaller sizes come with heel strap.  Smooth interior, cushioned comfort footbed is supportive and shock absorbing.  Flexible traction outsole.  Available in sizes XXS 4-5, XS 6-7, S 8-9, M 10-11 with heel strap, sizes L 12-13, XL 1, XXL 2 and 3XL 3 without heel strap

Wolverine Boots is the industry leader in comfort technology. Wolverine Boots has made a lot of good work boots and work shoes. Wolverine Work Boots are lightweight, built to last, and guarantee all-day comfort. Convert Shock to Energy with All-Day Performance are work boots that guarantee all day comfort and durability. 8" Gold Wolverine Performance LeatherSilicone Treated Leather CambrelleTM Lining200 Grams Thinsulate TM InsulationRemovable Full Cushion Dual Density Polymer Footbed Seam Sealed Construction for Waterproofing Fiberglass Shank Direct Attach ConstructionWolverine DuraShocksTM Intrepid Lug-PU Outsole

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX foam. Weight 16.8 oz.

Full-Grain Water-Resistant Polishable Leather, Non-Metallic Stabilizer, Aegis Microbe Shield Applied to ROCKY Airport Footbed, Slip and Oil Resistant TMC Direct Attach TPU/PU outsole for Stability and Flexibility, Made in the USA, Berry Compliant

berlin black leather 100

This glossy, modern take on the traditional driving slipper will have you riding in fashionable comfort. Your feet will be right at home in this lightly padded footbed, with flexible non-skid sole and half-inch heel. The detailed topstitching stylishly contrasts with the supple patent leather, making this loafer a great addition to casual and formal ensembles alike.	Me Tooshoes mean fashion, comfort, and affordability. Me Too always stays in sync with the latest fashion trends!

Stabilite Saddle Golf Shoes...Lightweight Stability, Tour Quality Performance!  Etonic Mens Stabilite Swept Saddle Golf Shoes feature

Put your best foot forward with the stunning style of the Forli pump from Jessica Bennett. This ultra-chic pump has gorgeous contrast piping offset with a polished gold buckle detail on the vamp, a perfect round toe, and chunky stacked wooden heel. It also features smooth leather linings, a fully cushioned insole, and a smooth dress leather outsole. The Forli will take you anywhere from the office, to dinner, and then onto the dance floor!	Be one of the shiny happy people in this bright leather pump from Jessica Bennett. A fabulous gold leather upper is detailed with a lovely square toe and thick 3 3/4 inch heel while the vamp is adorned with a lovely strap and buckle dcor.

The supple faux leather of these elastic boots provides a great fit for the calf. Your feet, meanwhile, will like the comfort of the insole with extra cushioning and the flexibility of the rubber sole. There's no quit to the durable fit.	Women's Aerosoles, Lasticity tall stretch Boots  A must have fashion boot for Fall and Winter  Smooth synthetic Stretchy uppers in a tall boot style  Full length zipper for easy on/off  Lined and cushioned insole  2 ? inch heel on a rubber sole for long-lasting wear

Animal friendly Synthetic Leather is a strong and versatile alternative to leather. It is more resistant to stretching and lighter in weight than cowhide. Polyurethane (PU) MidSoles are molded of responsive lightweight foam. PUandNumber39;s long lasting cushion and support will not compress over time and is a standard feature on most Adio Shoes. Breathable Mesh Fabrics are essential to a cool and comfortable shoe. In addition they allow the upper portion of the shoe maximum flexibility and response. Slip Lasting is key to a flexible more responsive and comfortable shoe. Unlike board lasted shoes there is no thick and stiff cardboard layer between your foot and the sole. Reflective Trim and Accents refract light providing style and safety.

We all play at various levels; our "wants and needs" may be different, but the most critical needs are the same. The SDX3 has a full range of features to meet the most demanding level of play, as well as being superbly comfortable. The thick gum sole rubber makes the SDX3 Indoor Court Shoes the perfect choice for squash racquetball, badminton, table tennis, handball, volleyball, skateboarding, or just plain - walking.  Please visit www.squasdesignusa.com for out complete product line, weekly specials - and great holiday specials !

Lightweight serious traction for Running, Hiking and Working.

Touche evolution. Go figure that animals living in cold weather get super awesome fur. Luckily, we humans (and a few super-chimps) have evolved huge brains and the means of developing faux-fur. Greater still, North Face used this breakthrough and put it on the McMurdo (an Antarctic research station) boot along with a womens specific, anatomically engineered, injection-molded waterproof TPR shell. Faux-fur collar Fully lined with Dri-Lex Fleece Built specifically for women Ice Pick outsole lugs Primaloft insulation

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.	Warm, comfortable, waterproof and not Moon Boots.  What else do you need in a winter boot?

When the company was first founded in 1987, Woodlore cedar products were only available through Allen-Edmonds stores and other specialty retailers. But as demand for their innovative cedar solutions grew, it only made sense to make their catalog available online. Today, you can find Woodlore products in closets around the world, from New York to New Delhi.

An explosive running shoe for the neutral to mild pronator, the Brooks Glycerin 4 offers unrivaled cushioning. It's all engineered for great support and cushioning in a well-balanced ride. Element Air mesh upper. CMEVA sockliner with X-Static. Heel and forefoot HydroFlow ST-XL. Full-length S-257 midsole with dual-density DRB Accel. Engineered Cush-Pod configuration, S-257 Cushsole. e-1, HPR Plus. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Stylish looks, with air-cushion comfort! Women's Dr. Martens 6-eyelet Boots. SAVE BIG BUCKS! For feel-good fashion, you can always count on the good Doctor. These Boots are ready to handle just about anything... and every step you make will be confidently absorbed by the famous AirWair insole. Thanks to a slight change in style, I was able to grab a small shipment for way less than cost... I passed the savings along and now you SAVE bucks off original retail. Take a look

The Reebok To The Zone mid-cut basketball shoe features a synthetic/leather upper with a ventilated tongue that adds breathability. A Velcro strap across the forefoot helps secure the foot. EVA midsole, TPU midfoot shank provides support. Non-marking rubber/crystal rubber outsole. Wt. 14.0 oz.

The unmatched comfort of the Watford oxford would be reason enough to try this shoe. Crafted in rich pebbled leather, this lace-up is spot-on for everyday wear and includes a rocker-style outsole that rolls from heel to toe, easing strain and propelling each step forward, and specialized insole cushioning that minimizes fatigue.	For function and style slip into the Finn Comfort Watford 1160. Handmade in Europe, this men's fitness sneaker features a leather upper for durability and a vegetable-tanned leather lining to wick away moisture. The shock-absorbing Finn Comfort Footbed is ergonomically designed to support and cushion your foot and can be removed for airing and hand washing. The Finnamic rocker sole on the Finn Comfort Watford 1160 oxford improves posture and gait, helps engage muscles and reduces joint strain for better health.

Cheerleading is a sport, and the ASICS GEL-Max reflects its athletic requirements. The leather upper provides a snug fit and optimal comfort. The GEL Cushioning System creates maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation, and a SpEVA midsole provides enhanced responsiveness and stability. Comes with interchangeable color cards to show your team spirit with coordinating colors. Wt. ??? oz.

Great for use at the stable or at home. Perfect for all doorways clean dirt off of boots, shoes, and all other footwear. Fasten to wood deck or flooring. Glide shoe or boot back and forth through the bristles to clean dirt and mud. Nylon Bristles, Wood And Steel Base.

sweater bon/bge fabric 60

sweater bon/bge fabric 65

sweater pink fabric 55

Tadbit's Flipper Slippers are a favorite of celebrities, Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes. These adorable frog flippers bear the embroidery Flipper Slippers in froggy blue. It is a perfect match with our leap frog bunsie. These are machine wash cold, tumble dry NO heat. These fit babies between 0 to 6 months.	Adorable frog flippers bear the embroidery Flipper Slippers in froggy blue

This hobo comes in a sensuous natural suede. Adorned with gunmetal hardware and black patent finish accents and strap, the resulting look of these purses is plush and rich. The clean, understated design lends itself for dressing both elegantly and casually. These purses have a top zipper opening and have a zipper pouch, an open pouch and a cell phone holder inside. They measure approximately 8.5" in height, 8" in length and 4" in width. The interior is fully lined with black fabric. The shoulder strap has an 7" drop.

Stay warm and relaxed in the Dorm boot from Tamarac by Slippers International. Its plush lining and padded insole keep you cozy, while the fabric upper offers casual style. The rubber outsole delivers traction for a steady step.	Boot-style slipper is constructed of lightweight Eurelle fabric, which has many of the properties of wool including softness, durability and breathability  Lightweight Eurelle upper  Cushioned insole  Thick pile lining  Indoor/outdoor rubber sole is slip-resistant  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

Over the years, Acorn has designed and innovated to create the comfort classics America has grown to love. Today an expanded product line including Classic Comfort, Studio Comfort, Spa Comfort, and After Active provides customers with a lifestyle collection that fits their needs. Acorn has searched the world to provide footwear for today's lifestyle-- you can count on Acorn to still live by their commitment to provide Comfort on Earth one pair of feet at a time.

The adidas Shakonta is a feminine shower slide pretty enough to wear after a long sports practice. Features a slim, contoured footbed and an adjustable quick-dry upper for wet conditions. The lining is a quick-drying bandage, with a PU outsole for durability.

berlin brown leather 65

A high performance shoe for edging control and pocket climbing performanceIn the line for over 10 years, the Miura is the perfect tool for performance footwork whether it be on slabs, vertical or overhanging steep rock. The high tensioned slingshot rand is tied into the powerhinge on the sole so that when small edges are weighted the shoe stretches in the back half of the shoe and not in the front. This allows you to stick on the smallest edges you can find or imagine! The multi-paneled lining gives you the perfect fit and the speed lacing system laces up in a cinch.SPECIFICATIONSWEIGHT

Kick back and rest easy in the waterproof MolokiniTM Flip sandal from Montrail. Soft synthetic leather takes a comforting position between toes. Contoured and moldable footbed is a perfect after-sport companion for active soles.

jumpp purple fabric 55

We knew that we needed to design a bag that was more functional to the way we actually live. By separating the interior into two sections we achieved better protection for your laptop and greater organization in the customary tote section. Accented by rare, full-grain Araya Leather, this is a style that you will cherish for years! The all Black Madison Tote is designed with MicroFiber.

Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Create a sophisticated look with the elegant Renown slip-on.	Traditional, low-maintenance leather upper offers high shine for a buttoned-up look.	Leather glove and tongue lining helps wick away moisture and absorb odor.	Full length, leather-covered EVA insole with heel cup for comfort and shock absorption.	Rigid heel counter and steel shank provide added stability and support.	Combination oak-tanned leather and rubber outsole for durability and stopping power.	Cement construction, in which the upper is adhered to the outsole with a bonding agent, creates lightweight flexibility without twisting.

Molded synthetic leather upper with soft synthetic leather finish, internal bootie construction with soft stretchable mesh provides optimum fit and comfort, ghosted shell structure in vamp-toe area. Internal midsole construction adds clean, seamless appearance, adiPRENE+ forefoot cushioning insert, integrated 3D Torsion System. Non-marking rubber outsole with classic herringbone pattern offers maximum traction on court or off. Wt. 15.8 oz.

symphony pewter multi 110

Carolina 4x4 Euro Mid Hikers. Head for the hills in these handsome, dark red leather Hiking Boots. A nylon mesh lining keeps air moving around your feet while the steel shank and rubber sole help you skillfully negotiate tricky terrain. European inspired style, work inspired protection and durability

DVS Ozzy Black Velvet Slipper

The Scanner boot from Dr. Martens is ready to work. It boasts a slip-resistant and static dissipative PVC outsole, plus it's fully non-metallic safety footwear for use in environments where security scanning is required. And even though the Scanner is 65 grams lighter per pair then steel toes, it still stands up industrial standards. These boots are ANSI/OSHA approved.	Dr. Martens 6-Eyelet Scanner Boots with safety toe. OUTSTANDING VALUE! Not into heavy metal? Then these non-steel-toe Boots are right for you. They still have safety toes for protection, but they're made of a non-metallic, super-tough composite material. Because they're non-metallic, they won't set off metal detectors and security scanners used at some facilities. These Boots are made of heavy milled, oiled full-grain leather that looks and wears great. And they're lightweight and comfortable for less stress and fatigue on your feet. While supplies last, you can get a pair at this special price! Features

Get ready for some warm weather fun in the Columbia Sportswear Youth Castle Point Sandal. Features a super comfy synthetic nubuck upper with soft jersey knit lining and three point adjustable hook and loop straps for a customized fit

Women's Reebok Princess Shoes. SAVE BIG! Classic, sporty Women's Reebok Princess Shoes... walk around the mall, the neighborhood and the office in comfort and style. EVA midsole absorbs impact so your feet are cushioned, while a thick tongue and collar provide padding. A removable cotton-lined EVA insole "ups" the comfort factor. Rubber outsole grips surfaces, holds you steady. Durable synthetic leather uppers. Approx. 4"h., 9 ozs. each. State Size. Medium width. At this price, they'll sneak outta here! Order Today! Women's Reebok Princess Shoes, White

Experience levels of comfort like never before every time you step into this Imperial slipper from L.B. Evans. With its deerskin   leather upper, wooly linings, and cushioned insole, this indoor/outdoor slipper will hug every curve of your foot with absolute perfection.	Treat yourself to the Imperial Deer slipper from L.B. Evans. The durable sole works both indoors and outdoors, so you don't have to change out of your slippers to walk the dog or get the mail. The leather upper and warm faux sheepskin lining not only look great, but they're cozy, too.

What do you get when you take a classic, every day sandal and add a little high class refinement? Yes, that's right--this lovely Julia sandal from Think! The upper joins pieces vegetable-tanned leather together in a pretty, strappy design, and eloquently tops it off with a stylish, aztec-inspired plaque, making its already perfect look even better.	Style and comfort combine in the Think! Julia 84333. This Think! thong sandal features overlapping organic vegetable-tanned leather strap detailing, topped with a detailed metal disc ornament. Finished with a cork footbed to provide healthful anatomical support, the Think! Julia 84333 is breathable, hypoallergenic, moisture-absorbent and toxin free for a soft and comfortable sandal. Designed in Austria and made in Europe, the Think! Julia 84333 is eco fashion at its best!

Highly-ventilated AIRmesh upper. CMEVA midsole with Composite Wave(TM) in Double Parallel Wave(TM) configuration. SensorPoint(TM),  VS-1(TM), Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation. Solid rubber forefoot , X-10(TM) carbon rubber heel. Weight 12.3 oz.

Sold as each. 2.5 oz. For polishing white shoes. Includes sponge applicator. Non-toxic. White. Manufacturer number

The men's belted Harness 12R boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude but exudes pure style. This attractive pull-on boot has an oiled leather upper with brushed metal hardware, decorative ankle harness with buckle and o-ring detailing, a 15 inch calf circumference, neoprene oil resistant soles with a full-length leather midsole for maximum comfort and durability, and a cushioned insole for additional comfort. Made in USA.	A belted harness borders the pebbled-leather upper of this rugged boot from FRYE. Leather upper. Rubber sole.

Cold, wet weather? Not a problem with Chippewa Bay Apache Insulated Waterproof Boots. SAVE BIG! Waterproof and warm, fortified with 1,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. A great all-purpose pair of Boots for work, hunting, chores and more. No, they're not cheap... premium-quality boots never are. But my price is the best you'll find... and you won't be disappointed. These are the kind of Boots you'll be still be kickin' around in years from now. If you don't get 'em now you'll be back at the store buying new ones before you know it. Do the right thing the first time and get yourself these top-quality Chippewas. You'll be glad you did! Look

Wear the Rainbow Women's Premier Leather 302 Sandals when you want the soft feel and great look of fine leather blended with the summery feel of flip-flops. These sandals are perfect for beach walks that start in the sand and end with margaritas and lunch at a five-star, seaside restaurant.Product FeaturesStrap Material

Minnetonka Mens Fringe Boot Hardsole Brown 982

You'll love the comfort of the lightweight Key Largo raised-back clog from Klogs. The polyurethane upper wipes clean with soap and water; perforations add breathability and offer a whimsical touch. Perfect for days when you're on your feet for extended periods of time. The polyurethane sole is slip-resistant, oil-resistant, non-marking, and shock absorbent. The removable Klogs Komfort footbed provides soft cushioning and excellent arch support that's latex-free, antimicrobial, odor-resistant, and lind lightweight 1 inch heel. Unisex sizing. Women order normal size; men order one whole size larger and order WIDE. If you wear a half size, please order half a size DOWN.

The Puma XC II casual shoe is inspired by the rigors of cross country running and all the hazards of the course. This men's sport shoe features a breathable mesh upper with a low-profile CMEVA midsole and a two-color EverTrack outsole.

"It was love at first step." Stetson Caribou Tanned Pull-ons. Stetson Boots are the classic symbol of the west, designed for those who insist on authentic styling that's a cut above the ordinary. These superbly crafted Pull-ons have a look that'll make you strut... although they're not made of actual Caribou, they feel and appear like the real thing, thanks to a precise tanning process Stetson's perfected over the years. And comfortable? I guarantee you'll sink right in. Over 140 years of quality

Is the Carolina steel toe women's hiking shoe a hiking boot you can wear to work or a work boot you can take a hike in? Superficially, it looks like a hiking boot. Carolina steel toe women's hiking shoes have got that instantly recognizable design, not to mention their comfy cushioning which is perfect for long treks, and their moisture-dispelling nylon mesh lining for a comfortable hike in all kinds of weather.Look inside the Carolina steel toe women's hiking shoes, and you'll find a steel toe that's perfect for wilderness or jobsite protection, a durable rubber outsole that provides secure traction on most surfaces inside and outdoors and an absorbent footbed that soaks up excess sweat to keep your feet cool and dry, no matter where they are. So, is the Carolina steel toe women's hiking shoe for work or play? Let's ask your feet. "Who cares?" They say. "Let's just put them on and get moving."

Track and Field events take coordination. Personally, I don't have it. Not many do, and it takes countless hours of training and perseverance to accomplish what it takes to earn the gold. The adidas adiStar Triple Jump men's track shoes are the perfect tools to help you reach your goals in comfort and style!The adidas adiStar Triple Jump men's track shoes are built for durable traction, designed to optimize energy production and momentum during jumps. The Z-Traxion lugs on the toe dig in for superior grip, and are easily replaced if, by some chance, you burn them off with your incredibly hot jumps. The lace cover zips up for enhanced aerodynamics and it also keeps the sand out. You need the best gear for the best jumps, so order your adidas adiStar Triple Jump men's track shoes today!

Wolford Style 209-42. Opaque thigh highs. Stretch nylon blend. 50 denier. Silicone band for stay-up support. Reinforced toe. Thigh highs may be attached to any garter belt straps.

Illinois native Cynthia Rowley was 7-years-old when she constructed her first dress, and as a senior at the Art Institute of Chicago, sold her first collection of eight pieces to a number of New York's most prominent stores. Exuding elegance, fashion and sheer luxury, the award-winning Cynthia Rowley Collection has grown to include signature styles for today's fashionable woman.

? Board Lasted Construction? Full Grain Leather and Pigskin Leather Upper? Pigskin Leather and Breathable Mesh Lining? Pigskin Heel Lining? Injection Molded TPU Arch Bridge? 4.5mm Anatomical Antimicrobial Cita-XY? Aegis? Footbed? Nylon 6.6 Injection Molded Arch Shank? Q-Form? Triple Density Compression Molded EVA Footframe? Air Cushion Midsole? Merrell Plaza? Sole/Sticky Rubber

A brown and maroon diamond design surrounds the Punisher skull on the cool, wide shoelaces.

You'll want a pair of our Women's Cabin Sheepskin Slippers whether you're kicking back at home or in the cabin. Made of soft, plush, moisture-wicking sheepskin, they're an easygoing style that will keep your feet warm and dry all year long. Complete with soft non-skid synthetic outer sole and rolled cuff at the ankle. Imported. Available in whole size only, 1/2 sizes order next size up.

Smart gals SAVE BIG on their Skechers! Talk about "somethin' else," which happens to be the style name... did you do a double-take on my incredible discount price? It's not every day you can get a sweet pair of Skechers for cheap. Well, fashion marches on so this discontinued style comes your way at an outrageously low price. More

This stunning strappy sandal from J. Renee is red carpet-ready. Made from  soft and supple nappa leather, the wedge style slide is perfect for an evening dress or  dressy slacks and provides just the right amount of panache to round out your ensemble.  The metallic leather upper features huarache-inspired straps, a 2 1/8-inch heel, and an  intricate perforated flower detail on the vamp.	In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.

JUST IN

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.	Peep toe WedgeFaux Leather Upper Decorative Vamp Detailing 1 3/4 Inch Wedge Heel Lightly Padded Foot Bed

Item is in stock and ready to ship.

For the finest in high-fashion footwear, Enzo Angiolini is recognized world-wide for their unique designs and their comfortable fit. With a style for virtually every occasion, the Enzo Collection is bound to have the perfect addition to any outfit. Fine fashion starts from the ground up, so start with Enzo Angiolini.	The Enthusiasm flat from Enzo Angiolini is reminiscent of a perfectly cut diamond. This modest flat has a pretty patent leather upper with charming geometric cut out detailing.Patent upper.Round toe.Smooth linings.Cushioned insole.Ultra-low covered wedge.1" heel.Textured outsole.Man made sole.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	BIG BUCKS OFF! Slide into a sleek black convertible, from Columbia! Columbia Interchange Sandals, with a convertible heel strap to let you wear 'em as Sandals or Slides, wet or dry! These are Close-Outs, so the price is converted on down! Synthetic leather uppers are tough, comfortable, and are great in water; Rubber omni-grip outsole, with the exceptional stability and traction you'd expect from a hiking boot; Permanent EVA insole, with textured drainage panels adding to the water-readiness; Micro-mesh lining feels good on the feet; Velcro adjustable front strap for a custom fit; Each approx. 4 3/4" h., weighs a super-light 12 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Have a great spring and summer, in these! Order Now! Men's Columbia Interchange Sandals, Black

Skechers packs the action and excitement of the city into this street smart men's shoe. The Skechers Urban Spike features a contemporary, low-profile design. Leather and suede upper features a breathable mesh tongue for comfort. Wrap-around rubber sole lends enhanced style to a spiked rubber outsole. Additional features include

A flexible, lightweight shoe for frequent, moderate-paced fitness walking. Leather upper with lightweight EVA midsole for cushioning and flexibility, ABZORB in heel and rubber, walking strike path outsole for foot stability through walking gait cycle.

Rocket Dog Shoes is the hip LA underground shoe worn by celebrities everywhere! These slip ons are a must for everyday casual wear. Shoe features an all canvas upper. Rubber sole with some stripe detailing. Rocket Dog Style # RD1119245

Rothco 2-Pocket Ammo Pouch / Wallet is great for any outdoors activities. HW heavy weight cotton canvas. 2 separate rubber-lined pockets. Belt loop. Can be used as a wallet. Great addition to any tool kit. Holds a large array of items including cellphones, money, credit cards, cameras, and much much more. Army style. OD green colored pouch. Canvas 2-pocket ammo pouch. Dimensions

Go a little punky with Spike. This fashionable slide is set off by nail head studs and a linen covered wedge that adds texture to the design. Edge gives way to sexiness with a cutout in the upper to show off just enough of your summer pedicure and 3-3/4-inch heels that accentuate toned calves. Pair this casual shoe with everything from this seasons flared jeans to a sundress, but it would go especially well with a short denim pencil skirt. About Anne Klein    Anne KleinFor more than thirty years, Anne Klein has been synonymous with American Style, creating clothes that are immediately recognizable for their sophistication, wearability and, most of all, their relevance to women's lives.  Anne Klein defined the way American sportswear is worn and sold today. In 1968, she launched Anne Klein & Company with the specific goal of designing and marketing sportswear as coordinated separates. With its mix and match wardrobe of constructed jackets, pants and related pieces, Anne Klein's innovative strategy made her company an industry leader overnight.  The company continued to achieve impressive growth and prestigious honors

Protect your shoes and your game with Elite Pro-Tec Shoes Covers. Don't let a spilled drink or the wet winter weather dampen your bowling game. Our simple yet effective design protects the soles of your bowling shoes all season long. Another worry free product from Elite. Available in Elite black only.

The Talbiona Leather Collection?s extra-large "Carpenter Bag? is perfect for your traveling needs. It is constructed of full grain aniline cowhide leather which has been processed with a vegetable tanning system. The cowhide will become softer and smoother with age and the tan cowhide will darken to a beautiful patina. The zippered top framed opening allows the user the ultimate access to the bags? interior. The lining is made of high density micro-fiber. The interior has a complete organizer for pens, cards and a cell phone. The shoulder strap is removable and adjustable with padding for extra comfort. The hardware is constructed of pewter silver. Dimensions

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive frog design is embroidered onto soft and durable chocolate brown canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% polyester canvas upper. 100% polyester terry cloth interior. Apple green design on chocolate brown canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.	SLFG-BRS Color

From Justin, this distressed brown lacer has 8 eyelets, removable kiltie and 1" heel. Leather upper, man made sole.

Japanese style laquered wooden sandals with cloth toe straps. These "Geta" sandals are carved out of wood and raised so originally, if you walked through mud or wet streets, your feet and kimono wouldn't get wet. They are  9 1/2 INCHES long and about 3 1/3 inches wide. These are narrower for a ladies foot. (do not use for extreme dancing or running!)

Timberland Pro Titan Hiker High Shoes. Excels on steep hills and rough terrain. You're not ready to hit the trails until you've got a pair of Titan Hikers on your feet. Features the Timberland Pro rubber outsole that's abrasion resistant and known for high-end traction in rugged environments. Uneven ground can trip you up at times, but your feet won't feel the brunt of the blow with a Titan alloy safety toe cap and Ever-Guard leather toe rand employed. For comfort, an unbeatable Dryz Intellitemp X-Static, open-cell polyurethane lining regulates temperature and wicks away moisture. These bad boys are rugged and durable for years of wear. More

101440GRY425 Features

The shoe is built on FiveTen's high-performance Anasazi last and is paired with a luxurious full-grain leather upper for day-long comfort. It's been used to onsight 5.14, but will perform great on everything from boulder problems to multi-pitch sport routes. The MoccAsym features award-winning Stealth C-4 rubber soles. Stealth C-4 is the benchmark for high-friction climbing rubber. Choose the Moccasym for bouldering, thin cracks and everything in between. Theres no better training shoe available.	102270 Features

These slippers are the greatest, with 100% washable fleece sheepskin surrounding the entire foot.   Turned up, they double as a warm and comfortable ankle warmer.

The second coming of a legend has arrived with the Puma Numostro casual shoe. This freshly styled and refined classic features an upper of open, breathable air mesh under the softest of leathers for a beautiful profile. Rigid TPU chassis provides optimal support while the famous Mostro closure system offers a glove-like fit. EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

Crocs All Terrain Unisex Footwear

Is seduction your aim? This knee-high boot from Pleaser will help you in your game. Featured in a classically sexy shape and palette, it also has shiny patent, a pointed toe, and a super-tall stiletto heel to up the ante.	Shaft Height

duke black pulsar 90

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted A Kenneth Cole Production makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.

duke black pulsar 95

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for the whole family.	Inspired by classic bowling shoes, the Skechers Mandalay features a leather upper with double stripe detailing and chic bicycle toe. Durable rubber, pimpled outsole provides great traction. Lace-up design offers a secure, personal fit every time.

Put the best in sports in your outdoors sporting! Adidas Ridge Cone Low Hikers! SAVE BIG BUCKS! Let Adidas take you on a high-octane, high-comfort journey... and let The Sportsman's Guide save you big bucks doing it! Here's what'll be on your team, over ridge, dale and everywhere else

liner black leather 75

Ladies' Rocky ATV Quadsport 100% Waterproof Boots. ATVing? Here you go. Perfect for exploring the backcountry, too. These are the Boots designed for females who like to have dry feet on-the-go. Seems a minor style change makes these toughies available to you with a HUGE discount. That's more like it! Well-built

101764000405 Features

liner black leather 70

Latrell Sprewell, known to be the originator of the rim called the spinners, has moved his invention to the footwear world. The rim actually spins as you walk and/or run. Lightweight microfiber synthetic leather upper, lateral quarter panel molded and reinforced for added stability. L.S. Exchange Technology, the most advanced cushioning, shock-absorbing, active heat/moisture-management technology ever employed in footwear, allows the rim to spin. Development influenced by gas shocks used in cars. Matrix of vents and intake and out take valves allow heat and moisture to be drawn into the chamber while hot moist air is expelled from the shoe. Through a series of events, energy is absorbed and real shock absorption/cushioning is provided. Weight 16.2 oz.

Add an industrial touch to your wardrobe with this oxford from CK Jeans. The Rei features a leather upper with a zipper detail and a lace up front for a sure fit. Beneath, a grippy rubber sole delivers traction and style with every step.	Calvin Klein is a premier American designer famous for the birth of designer jeans. Known as "the supreme master of minimalism," Calvin Klein is one of the world's leading lifestyle design companies known for minimalist and functional aesthetics. The brand is modern, uniquely sophisticated and offers timeless style. Calvin Klein handbags are designed with clean, classic, and trendy silhouettes. They provide accessible luxury for today's consumer and are the perfect blend of contemporary sophistication.

Professional dance shoes.  Soft comfortable soles for longer more comfortable dancing.  Customer service is toll free in the USA at 877-883-2109.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Explore new worlds with the Umbwe Trail boot from Rockport. This rugged boot has a full grain leather upper for durability and a soft, flexible feel. The Hydro-Shield Construction resists water to keep your feet dry, while the padded collar and tongue add welcome cushioning and comfort. A patented air-circulating footbed allows cooling breathability, as the fiberlon shank lends stable midfoot support. Deep lugs in the rubber outsole grab rough trails or terrain for stability.

Walk the streets in style in the Dada X-Factor, featuring a leather and suede upper with perforated toe and padded collar for comfort. Metallic emblem and embossed details add distinct style. Rubber outsole is strong and durable.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive dragon fly design is embroidered onto soft and durable chocolate brown canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% polyester canvas upper. 100% polyester terry cloth interior. Apple green design on chocolate brown canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

The Dexter casual steel toe men's shoes work as hard as you do and can still take more.  If you are looking for the comfort of a casual shoe and the security of a work boot, then the Dexter casual steel toe men's shoes are the perfect fit.  Remember when you were a kid and you would watch pro wrestling? NO?!?  C'mon, we all did it, 'fess up.  Okay, now that we're past that, we want you to picture a burly wrestler.  Think of his wicked, intimidating scowl, his bulging muscles and gravelly voice.  Now take that image and put it in a suit and tie, and you've got the Dexter casual steel toe men's shoes (or a psychotic accountant).They are double-gored and made from quality materials for a great fit, and the ESD (electrostatic discharge) outsole will save you from zapping that sensitive electronic equipment you don't own.  They get great traction, and you can rely on the Dexter casual steel toe men's shoes for long-lasting performance and superb comfort.  They'll definitely outlast the career of that wrester we made up, which is best for all of us.

The Sebago Breakwater Free is a trendy casual sneaker that's perfect for any activity. A leather and mesh upper offers durable support with breathability. Padded collar and footbed provide increased comfort. Lace-up design offers a personalized fit. Durable rubber, driver's-style outsole delivers excellent traction on any surface.

The adidas Adilette Trefoil was originally launched in 1972, the adilette today is one of the most famous health and sport slide on the market. Molded strap and PU molded midsole/outsole slide.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	These square Moc toe slip-ons are perfect for casual Fridays or for a night out with your crew. Pull on your favorite jeans, toss your tie over the back of a chair, and you're out the door. Made of top-grain leather, the Clarks Code loafers are available in a glossy black or burnished brown finish. Seam accents border from toe to the top of the vamp, which has decorative leather finger loops, and gore panels on the sides for easy entry. Decorative dual stitching runs along the arch and instep to the counter which features a leather overlay with a pull-tab stamped with the Clarks logo. The durable and shock absorbent polyurethane sole has an ample heel and the leather liner and padded collar ensure a snug fit.

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	Keep them stepping in style with the Jr. Arlanda Apron oxford from Ecco. The design is classic and dressy for schooldays to formal occasions.

Wolverine Shoes is the industry leader in comfort technology. Wolverine Casuals have Maximum Comfort and Ultimate Control. Wolverine Casual Shoes are lightweight, built to last, and guarantee all-day comfort. Convert Shock to Energy with All-Day Performance are footwear that guarantee all day comfort and durability. Briar Full Grain Leather Lining Full Cushion Fabric Leather InsoleNylon Shank Opanka ConstructionPolyurethane Outsole

Properly designed clogs promote good health so effectively the Swedish government permits citizens to buy two pairs each year tax-free. From 2-1/4-inch heels, these clogs slant toward the toes, slightly pushing feet forward to adjust posture and relieve pressure on knees and lower back. The open-back design causes toes to claw a bit, subtly exercising muscles and keeping ligaments properly aligned to prevent foot problems, and high arches prevent strain.Chef Revival's unisex clogs are as durable as clogs can be. They're handmade in the city of Troentorps, Sweden, by traditional methods. Leather uppers are formed by "wet-lasting," so all-important "toe-boxes" retain their shapes without collapsing. Hand-driven nails, not glue, secure the uppers to moisture-absorbing alderwood bottoms (keeping feet dry) formed from trees felled in winter when the wood's grain is tightest. Cunningly embossed polyurethane soles glued to the bottoms provide skid protection. Both uppers and soles resist grease and oil. Cooks wear clogs not because they're rustic, but because they're sensible. --Fred Brack

Performance removable sockliner provides additional comfort, non-marking rubber outsole adds excellent traction.

From the moment its iconic exercise sandals hit the shelves in 1968, Dr. Scholl's has been a brand synonymous with comfortable footwear and healthy feet. Today, Dr. Scholl's offers footwear in a variety of fashionable styles that range from casual to elegant, to fun and funky. Dr. Scholl's continues its tradition of using the latest podiatric medicine and research to revolutionize the way Americans think of, and care for, their feet.

Attaches to the PEET shoe dryer to dry gloves overnight.	The PEET glove DryPorts remove cold, wet, and sweat from gloves and mittens. It eliminates odors caused by perspiration and bacteria, promotes comfort and health, and extends the life of your hand wear.

Step out in style with the DC Shoes Court Graffik casual skate shoe, featuring a suede, Nubuck or action leather upper for abrasion resistance and durability. Foam-padded tongue and collar soft tricot lining provide comfort and support. Internal elastic tongue holders add stability. Abrasion-resistant sticky rubber outsole delivers excellent traction. Multi-tone bottom features DC's trademark pill-pattern tread for grip. Sole design provides excellent ground contact, wear, and flex.

Ready to experience true bliss? Slide into this Minnetonka slipper, with its genuine sheepskin upper, plush lining, and padded foam footbed. Enjoy this cozy bootie with the collar up or rolled down. It's finished with a rubber sole so you can wear it outside to grab the paper.	Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."

The SAO Reno casual shoe features a plush suede upper with a padded insole and rubber lug outsole.

fiestey white leather 110

Whether you're going to be a go-go dancer or a sexy superhero this Halloween, the Exotica boot from Funtasma by Pleaser has got you covered. This shiny faux patent boot features a sky-high heel and platform that add super sex appeal, and a daring lace-up design wraps up the leg.	Devilishly fun. Seductively sexy. Mischievously playful. The Funtasma footwear collection caters specifically to themed events and costume parties. Funtasma footwear will add that finishing touch to all outfits used for Halloween, Christmas, Mardi Gras, masquerade balls and Carnival festivities. The WIDE WIDTH EXO2020X knee high boot features a chunky 4" heel, faux leather or faux patent uppers, a rounded toe and a lace up front. Sizes are in Womens. To convert to Mens, go down two sizes. For example, a Womens size 12 is equivalent to a Mens size 10.

6 inch Pointed Stiletto Heel Thigh High Stretch Boots Women's Size Shoe.

A must have for any young fashionable hollywood diva and a must have for you too!  This round toe pump sits on a lightweight cork platform.  Casual enough for daytime wear and trendy enough for any special occasion, this is the ultimate must have this year!

Treat your little princess to this lovely dress shoe from Kid Express. This just-like-mommy shoe has a smooth leather upper, an adjustable strap, and a chunky covered heel for a lift, that will make her feel like a "big girl." It also features breathable linings, a lightly cushioned insole, and smooth leather outsole for added quality. She'll always want to play dress up with the Hannah.	The Kid Express Hannah shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The leather outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Winn International features a full line of quality leather products, which includes

Mesh leather uppers, cushioned insole, mesh knit forefoot lining and rubber sole and heal.  Made in Italy.  Item# 83917

In 1916, the Keds brand was introduced by the U.S. Rubber Company as the first national athletic and lifestyle footwear brand. At this time, the shoes were called sneakers, a term invented in late 1916 by Keds advertising agency because the rubber soles made the shoes quiet. Worn by Olympic soccer players, scores of National and International tennis champions, and many college athletes, Keds was coined the shoe of champions because of its reputation as America's premier athletic brand. Not only was Keds a leading athletic brand, it was also the brand of choice for leading style icons due to its classic, stylish, and authentic characteristics.

Recommended by five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Women's specific fit, full-length SpEVA midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Wt.7.0 oz.

PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revolutionary design.	#70120  UPPER

No, these aren't a tribute to any 80s hair band; get that thought out of your head. Honestly, we doubt that many of the members of Poison are looking as golf shoe sponsorships. Instead, the adidas Powerband men's golf shoes are a tribute to your necessity to have stylish, high-performance golf shoes. This is one tribute that sings perfectly. The adidas Powerband men's golf shoes are loaded with adidas-exclusive technology like the adiPRENE+ that optimizes comfort and efficiency, as well as the Torsion System that provides a sturdy support structure while maintaining flexibility.Probably the coolest feature of the adidas Powerband men's golf shoes is it's namesake; the Powerband chassis. This cool technology provides increased support, offering greater control and power, two things that are critical to a great golfer. If you can't power that drive and put it in the right spot, then you might as well just pick up the ball and throw it. If you prefer that option, you should try shopping for baseball cleats; we think you might be destined for another sport.

The La Sportiva Mythos is a perfect everyday shoe for experts or beginners. It has been designed to fit nearly any foot without sacrificing performance ability. The Mythos is unlined and uses classic laces to make sure you have the best fit possible. This is a perfect one-quiver climbing shoe.

A dynamic training shoe for the active gym-goer seeking the comfortable benefit of laceless closure and high style. The Puma Cell Kinetic training shoe features a synthetic and air mesh upper with a stylish and supportive alternative closure strap. CMEVA midsole features a full-length TPU shank and DuoCELL heel cushioning. Podular EverTrack outsole provides enhanced traction on court and gym surfaces.

Embrace your inner beauty and show off your mind-blowing outer beauty with a little help from the Jackelyn slingback pump from Boutique 58. This springy pump has a smooth birdcage leather upper, an alluring peep toe, and a lovely heel sling with an adjustable buckle closure for a personal fit. The fine construction also consists of soft leather linings, a fully cushioned insole, a sexy stacked stiletto heel, and a dress leather outsole. Add some spice to your favorite little black dress with the Jackelyn. Protective bag included for storage.	Boutique 58 is one of the newer brands that offers shoes that are new and different. A brand for the shoe-lover who knows designer product but doesn't limit herself. Fun, impulsive styles that are trendy but not too intimidating. 	Jackelyn stunning dress stiletto sandal. Patent leather upper in smooth birdcage design. Peep toe detail. Adjustable sling back strap. 	Heel

The Wallet Bagg is so versatile it can instantly convert from a wallet to a shoulder bag to a hip bag to a waist bag. It can be carried across your body, around your waist over your shoulder or on your own belt! It's perfect for securing your items while traveling, sightseeing, or shopping	This versatile bagg instantly converts from a wallet, to a shoulder bagg, to a waist bagg.

The Chippewa 24962 Men's 9" Bay Apache boot features Bay Apache waterproof uppers and Vibram Portland outsoles. The Bontex insoles and Brushed Nylex lining provide comfort. 1000 Grams Of 3M Thinsulate Ultra Insulation ensures that your feet willstay comfortable when temperatures drop. Removable Cushion Orthotic Insert.

For 1500-10,000 meters and steeplechase. Combination-lasted to provide rearfoot stability and forefoot flexibility. Full-length EVA midsole enhances cushioning and protection. Nylon spike plate increases durability and traction on all surfaces. Comes with 6mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Weight 7.5 oz.

Under Armour's Clutch Mid ST Metal baseball cleat for men is built to let you shine in every phase of the game. Rotational Traction maximizes power in the batters box and bolsters speed on the base paths. Steel spikes in the forefoot and heel ensure stability, while Dual Plate performance heel and forefoot construction ensures the perfect balance of feel and cushioning and HeatGear lining accelerates moisture transport.

Deer Stags Equator Euro Oxfords, BIG BUCKS OFF! Style to burn! The equator is the invisible "band" around the center circumference of the planet, known for being hot! What better name for a red-hot deal like these Oxfords from Deer Stags? Get ready for awesome Euro style, delivering pure comfort and fit. Oil-tanned, full-grain leather uppers; TPU sure-grip outsole; Stitch-down construction for flexibility; Removable, mesh-lined S.U.P.R.O. insole for extreme comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar. Each approx. 4 1/2" h., 15 ozs.; State Color; Width

Strut in exceptional style in the Ria ankle bootie from Sam Edelman. A side zipper on the vamp provides ease of entry and exit on the suede upper.	Glam up your style with this sophisticated bootie by Sam Edelman. Ria brings you a suede black bootie with a sleek 4 1/2 inch stiletto heel and 1 inch hidden platform.

You can`t miss the opportunity of trying this new and seasoned runners. Lightweight, breathable nylon mesh upper with stabilizing overlays, full lace up front, padded tongue and collar, soft fabric lining, cushioned insole and shock absorbing, cushioning EVA midsole. Traction patterned outsole with durable adiWear technology in wear areas, with anatomical heel and flex grooves.

Go casual or corporate in the feminine 'Spire Flex' slip-on from Merrell. 	Full-grain leather with Lycra/Neoprene upper for rich, breathable style. 	Mesh lining is treated with AegisTM antimicrobial technology to keep your feet healthy. 	City-XYTM footbed with molded TPU arch bridge delivers superior support. 	Synthetic, leather-wrapped EVA midsole with Merrell Air Cushion absorbs shock. 	Merrell SpireTM outsole with sticky rubber ensures traction and a steady stride. 	1 1/2" heel.	7.00 oz.

The ASICS GEL-Evolution II running shoe is designed to provide support and guidance for the excessive over-pronator, with a surprising level of comfort and flexibility in a package light enough for comparison to standard stability shoes. Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) utilizes ASICS linked componentry to enhance the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. GEL Cushioning System provides maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. Biomorphic Fit upper offers enhanced upper fit and comfort while decreasing the potential for irritation. Solyte midsole material combined with SpEVA adds improved cushioning and durability. Wt. 12.5 oz.

Slip into easy sporty style with the adidas Adissage W sandal. The upper features adidas's signature three stripes and a thick Velcro strap for a perfect fit. Meanwhile, the textured footbed massages the foot and the rubber sole offers traction and durability. Wear to the pool or around town for an effortlessly cool look.	Slip on the adidas adissage slide for women and feel the comfort of the polyurethane footbed with massage nubs. The upper features an adjustable polyurethane strap with a hook-and-loop closure and 3-Stripe branding.

Inspired by classic running shoes, the Jazz Low Pro gives a retro look to a quality athletic shoe that's completely modern. With a comfort contoured EVA midsole, this nylon and suede sneaker lets you put your mind on your performance.	Saucony streamlines the Jazz Original with the Jazz Low Pro runner, a 2002 spin on a classic '81 original.Slim-fitting nylon and suede upperLace-up front, padded collar and tongueTextile lining and cushioning insoleShock-absorbing low profile EVA midsoleXT-600(TM) triangular-lug rubber traction outsole

An ultra comfortable way to add color and style to your spring and summer  wardrobe, this luscious flat slide sandal from Robert Zur is sure to become one of your  everyday shoes. Crafted from soft supple leather, the slide's upper is richly textured with  pleats and contrast stitching along the center of the vamp. Matching zigzag stitching  along the footbed adds extra appeal.	Thoughtful details and imaginative design are the hallmarks of the Robert Zur Collection. Robert Zur designs footwear with great care, consideration and knowledge gleaned from years of experience in the footwear business -- every design shows quality, care, expertise, and a precise technical knowledge of crafting a great shoe. The marriage of international design and technical construction results in European luxury imbued with an American sensibility. The design team, with Robert Zur at the helm, develops and creates new shoe designs on what sparks their interest, resulting in distinctive looking designs that are pure and fresh. By exploring new concepts and using materials of the highest quality, Robert Zur anticipates and creates fashion trends with unparalleled quality.

The Puma Mestre GCi FG soccer shoe is best suited for the performance-oriented player seeking professional essentials. Super soft full-grain leather upper with quilted vamp, microfiber ankle lining. Lightweight TPU-injected bi-density outsole with biomechanically correct Ground Control stud configuration and DuoFlex technology. Wt. 10.4 oz.

This easy slip-on loafer is great for casual office or weekend wear. Sleek seamless uppers, in stretchy nappa leather, provide a great fit and feel. A roomy toe box, breathable leather lining, and cushioned footbed add comfort, and a rugged treaded outsole lends durability and sporty style.	Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury men's and women's footwear and accessories in 1989. Almost immediately, his name became synonymous with innovative design and high style and unprecedented comfort.Inducted into the Footwear News Hall of Fame in 2004, Pliner still designs every pair of shoes himself, carefully screening each new design to ensure perfect fit and function. The Donald J Pliner corporate office and showroom, located on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue, transports visitors inside the highly visual world of the designer's mind. A museum-like presentation of shoes-as-art coexists comfortably with a relaxed living-room-like setting.And while casual comfort marks the atmosphere of his office, Donald J Pliner is anything but laid back. Nothing goes unnoticed in the world of Donald J Pliner. Colors, shapes and profiles all have meaning. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife, works side-by-side with Pliner to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. The couple's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll, is an ever-present influence as well. Today, the Donald J Pliner global brand has established an almost-cult following among men and women. Initially attracted by the fashion-forward style, they return for its comfort and craftsmanship. The Donald J Pliner Collection is sold nationwide in select specialty stores and upscale department stores including Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Dillard's and Bloomingdale's, and at the company's five concept stores (Aventura, Coral Gables, Houston, Las Vegas, San Jose). The entire collection is also available online at www.donaldjpliner.com

Hunt no further... these Browning GORE-TEX Moc Toe Boots have you covered in comfort and 100% waterproof protection! Sometimes the smallest things make the biggest differences. Now is not one of those times. These Boots are loaded with BIG features like GORE-TEX 100% waterproof protection, the Browning tradition of quality and a Vibram Gumlite outsole. Not to mention big savings thanks to a discontinued style. Minor tweaks mean you pocket big ones. The details

Get ready to fall in love with Dexter Harrisons! A couple of beauties, BIG BUCKS OFF! These boys are handsome, smart, top-shelf quality and just made to make you happy! A dressy dynamic duo that stands out beyond the ordinary. And an excess inventory brings big savings to you! Here you go, Bro

Experience the most innovative and highest quality fashion comfort footwear on the market. Sudini creates shoes and boots of superior quality, construction, and materials -- footwear that promotes good health for the feet and satisfies discerning customers around the world.

#011766  Score with Traxion Comfort with the +F10.7 TRX Firm Ground Boot from adidas

The adidas + Predator Absolion TRX FG soccer shoe has a new sleek design with a split outsole, performance last, engineered Predator for greater swerve, power and control and Traxion for added maneuverability. Asymmetrical loop lacing offers better ball contact. Elastic tongue strap to secure the tongue. Full-grain leather upper provides comfort and soft feel. Predator technology delivers more power, swerve and ball control. Synthetic lining. EVA insole gives comfort. Split outsole for optimized weight and flexibility. TraXion FG foutsole adds  grip and comfort on firm natural surfaces.

Classic loafer looks, maintenance-free leather! No polishing, no buffing, no worries. Florsheim Morton Loafers have a maintenance-free leather upper that cleans up fast, holds its polish and makes your life that much easier. Plus Florsheim's 115-year heritage of superior craftsmanship and quality. Here's the details

Gentle Souls offers this simple yet chic little leather slide, perfect for adding that contemporary touch to a casual linen suit or summer tunic. Beautifully crafted with a smooth leather upper, the Golum features a wide vamp strap that gently hugs the foot and an elastic band detail at the side that not only adds interest but enhances fit and mobility as well. Flaxseed pouches under the soft deerskin lining create the feeling of walking in sand, while providing ultra-comfortable arch support.	The Womens Gentle Souls Golum Sandal is a simple chic leather slide. Beautifully crafted with a smooth leather upper, and a wide vamp strap that gently hugs the foot. An elastic band detail at the side not only adds interest but enhances the fit and mobility of the sandal. Flaxseed pouches under the soft deerskin lining create the feeling of walking in sand, while providing ultra-comfortable arch support. The Womens Gentle Souls Golum Sandal is a versatile sandal perfect for your summer wardrobe.

The Prolite is Bloch's original split-sole ballet shoe which combines a leather upper with a soft and flexible canvas arch insert that won't stretch out of shape. A cozy insert also hugs the foot to minimize wrinkling.	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

Automatic Shoe Polisher with Deluxe Storage Caddy 	A Complete Shoe Shine System including a Rotating Polisher-Brushes-Buffing Pads-Shoe Polish (brown & Black) and a Wall Mountable Storage Caddy	Great Father's Day Gift-Student-Child-Locker room shoe shine kit-Husband-Wife-Son etc.	Runs on 4 "C" Batteries

See why a handsewn toe makes this the most comfortable penny loafer you've ever worn. Small details make a difference. Which is why Sebago laboriously hand sews the toes on these Park Penny Loafers. Smoother, more comfortable, better-flexing, more pleasing to the eye. And the toe isn't the only notable feature

BE FLY! BE AUTHENTIC! WEAR WHAT CELEBRITIES WEAR ALL DAY LONG! INTRODUCING THE ONE, AND ONLY, $1,299 GENUINE ALL-OVER NILE HORNBACK CROCODILE WITH GAINT DUAL TAILS SHOES MADE BY "THE ROMANO EXOTIC COLLECTION." These Hand-Made shoes are bound to turn heads! These rich looking, elegant, classy shoes feature a fine, genuine leather sole (for added durability and traction) and full leather lining (for added comfort and durability). These genuine all-over nile hornback crocodile with gaint dual tails shoes are the real deal, not prints or imitations. 		The Romano Exotic Collection doesn't not use the "painted-on" process to color these shoes like other manufacturers, instead, they use a special tanning process to glaze the premium grade nile hornback crocodile. These shoes come with crocodile tassels on the laces.

The entry-level Puma Esito III Pro R HG soccer shoe sets out to bring players success, independent of age or position. Soft yet highly resistant PU upper. Soft ankle lining, off-centered lacing and unique fold-over tongue construction. Rubber molded outsole with a stitched forefoot. Suitable for use on hard and dry natural surfaces. Wt. 8.8 oz.

Rich full-grain leather upper, polyurethane midsole with a durable rubber outsole.

101654BKR10 Features

A fresh take on a comfortable classic, this easy-to-wear mule features a fashionable woven leather upper with elastic goring at the sides for a secure and easy fit. A shock-absorbing cushioned insole and durable traction outsole add comfort and stability. Dressy enough to wear to the office, and casual enough to sport with your favorite jeans and khakis, this versatile clog will keep you looking and feeling great. About Naturalizer With more than 75 years of experience, Naturalizer shoes have long been known as the comfortable shoe with the beautiful fit. Today, Naturalizer shoes are always on the forefront of fashion, crafted in a wide variety of styles to suit anyone's taste. Offering a wide range of sizes, from 4 to 13 and in slim, narrow, medium, wide and doublewide widths, Naturalizer uses advanced comfort technology to produce styles you'll love with appealing value. Naturalizer is a branded division of the Brown Shoe Company. In addition to the Naturalizer line, Brown Shoe owns Famous Footwear stores through the United States. Its brands include Buster Brown, Airstep, Connie, LifeStride, and NightLife; it also sells Bass, Star Wars, Hot Kiss, and Warner Bros. licensed footwear. It distributes footwear worldwide through about 2,000 retailers, including independent, chain, and department stores.	Brown Shoe Company and multiple Grammy winner, Carlos Santana, have worked together to bring you "Carlos by Carlos Santana" footwear. These shoes reflect the same passion and energy that is generated by Carlos Santana's music. A portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the Milagro Foundation, which partners with the nonprofit community to serve the needs of children and youth. Started in 1998 by Carlos and Deborah Santana, this foundation supports educational efforts to help children and youth live healthy, literate, and culturally enriched lives.

The Bostonian Academy shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

The Saucony Grid Omni 5 covers a range of stability needs while offering unsurpassed fit. Visible rearfoot Grid System. Forefoot HRC, SRC Impact Zone, midfoot support bridge. XT-900, XT-1200, b/cR outsole. Combines an EVA base, a lateral support shank,  an extended second density medial post and a small third density post for moderate pronators who need an even greater degree of stability. Wt. 10.0 oz.

Timberland's Premium Nellie chukkas are comfortable, durable and good looking. Constructed to be waterproof with plenty of support, your feet will stay dry and comfortable. Built rugged, to hold up to years of use.	The Timberland Women's Premium Nellie Boots are comfortable, durable and good looking. Constructed to be waterproof with plenty of support, your feet will stay dry and comfortable. Built rugged, to hold up to years of use. Imported..

Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world!	Heel Height

Seal the deal in these no-nonsense loafers from Allen Edmonds. The Randolph features full leather linings and cork footbeds, which cradle and conform to your feet over the life of the shoe.	Moc-toe slip-on. Full leather linings. Penny saddle. Single oak leather sole. Custom heel.

This elegant ballroom shoe from Capezio features a sassy X-strap design with an adjustable buckle. A lightly cushioned footbed and suede sole will keep you light on your feet.	Leather upper Closed toe, open sides X-strap style 2.5quot;flared heel Cushioned insole 3/4 shank for support and flexibility Suede sole Begin with street shoe size

Havaianas are truly the best rubber sandals in the world. The ultra-high quality of Havaianas is due to a top secret rubber recipe that makes the sandals soft as marshmallows, light and highly durable. There are many knock-offs in the marketplace, but Havaianas customers know that there is no substitute for the authentic comfort and quality. Since their creation in the 1960's, Havaianas collections have a large variety of fashionable colors, styles and prints. Havaianas are showcased on fashion runways around the world, as well as at the most prestigious events.

opas black leather 100

In 1916, the Keds brand was introduced by the U.S. Rubber Company as the first national athletic and lifestyle footwear brand. At this time, the shoes were called sneakers, a term invented in late 1916 because the rubber soles made the shoes quiet. Worn by Olympic soccer players, scores of National and International tennis champions, and many college athletes, Keds was coined the shoe of champions because of its reputation as America's premier athletic brand. Not only was Keds a leading athletic brand, it was also the brand of choice for leading style icons due to its classic, stylish, and authentic characteristics.

opas black leather 105

liner black leather 100

Flexible, Lightweight, Xtreme comfort is achieved by fusing the outsole to the upper without the use of a welt or cement, polyurethane material that is lighter and more flexible than rubber or EVA, and a double-thick polyurethane footbed. FLXpoint takes comfort to the Next level.

Women's Roper Lace Wrap Boots, ON SALE! Legendary comfort and warmth! Get the best of both worlds with these dynamite Boots. Seems a discontinued style spells big bucks off! Flexible suede leather uppers command attention; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Repairable Goodyear welt construction for stability; Faux shearling lining delivers warmth; Each is approx. 13"h. and a barely there 19 ozs. State Color and Size. Medium width. Act Now! Women's Roper Lace Wrap Boots

5.11, Inc. creates superior products that enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of law enforcement, military and firefighting professionals and sells these products under the registered trademarks, 5.11 Tactical, 5.11 Tactical Series, and other marks. Built on a foundation of durability, quality and value, 5.11, Inc. leads the industry in delivering functionally innovative gear, from head to toe.	This 5.11 12110 ATAC Coyote 8-Inch With Side Zip Boot has many unique features such as

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	When you're bow hunting in late October and early November it's important to have the right hunting boots to keep you focused and comfortable on the move. The Men's Wolverine Hawthorne Soft-Toe Insulted Waterproof Hunting Boots (8 in.) feature a guaranteed waterproof lining and 400-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for superior warmth.

Leave nothingand everythingto their imagination in the Allure-602 from Pleaser. This mega-sexy shoe features a crystal clear upper and a thick transparent platform for high style. The slim, bling-adorned metallic heel adds to the allure. Wear this (if you dare) with your most plunging necklines and shortest skirts.	The Allure platform from Pleaser is all about sexy. This true stiletto glams up your gams, while its clear vamp adds a secure fit and an extra raciness to your outfit. Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world!.

Hush Puppies Sierra Casual Shoes... for casual comfort from work to the weekend. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Known for their genuine style, Hush Puppies also are fun and infinitely comfortable. You've seen them on the feet of celebrities and in movies. They're sold in 120 countries around the globe. Now it's time for you to slip into these sharp Shoes, at fabulous savings. Now big bucks off due to our volume buy! Outstandin' to stand in

The sun will always rise in the east and the Miura will always be there to catch the first rays. Or at least as long as La Sportiva keeps making one of the best climbing shoes in the business. The La Sportiva Miura is the ultimate fusion of edging precision and comfort, but if you liked this big wall shoe for everything that it did before, you're going to love the new sensitivity. La Sportiva narrowed the Laspoflex midsole in the forefoot from 1.8 mm. all the way down to 1.1 mm. for almost double the tactile feedback. Feeling is believing, but you'll love the additional confidence. Just like earlier incarnations, this Miura features a quality 4-mm. XSV Vibram sole that delivers superb friction without accelerated wear, which in turn can save your upper body muscles a little energy. One thing to remember about La Sportiva is that the lasts run a little narrower than other climbing brands, so keep this in mind when you're choosing your shoe.

? 100% Waterproof Natural Rubber Boot	? Pull Handles for Easy On & Off	? Full Net Lining	? Deluxe Non Slip Sole	? Steel Shank

MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.	FREE UPS GROUND SHIPPING TO THE UPPER CONTINENTAL 48 STATES!!  SIZE

Men's and women's Vasque Velocity and Velocity GORE - TEX XCR Trail Running Shoes for a comfortable fit on your morning run! SAVE BIG! This Shoe is built specifically for trail use, as its dual-density EVA midsole reduces pronation - a forceful, unhealthy outward movement of your foot. The synthetic nubuck and airmesh leather uppers are constructed for breathability during activity. Slip this pair on and comfortably enjoy the forest paths and cross-country trails! With GORE-TEX XCR membrane waterproof / breathable technology that keeps out wet, vents out sweat. Or women can choose the standard (non-waterproof) version as well. Vasque Mako outsole grips the trail and provides cushioning; Dual-density EVA footbed provides a comfortable, shock-absorbing base; Nylon lining makes for a comfy fit; Men's XCR weighs approx. 31 ozs; Women's weighs approx. 27 ozs. Women's original Vasque Velocity weighs 24 ozs. State Size and Color. Get started on your new running program today! Order Now! AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Keep on keepin' on. Guide Gear Back-zip Waterproof Moc-toe Boots. Hunting for pheasants, quail or grouse? In these Guide Gear babies, you won't suffer from sore, wet feet during or after your quest. Loaded with all things waterproof and cushioning, these Moc-toe Boots offer the comfort of a luxury car during a bumpy ride. What's in it for you

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Get Dr. Martens Cap - let Toe Boots. Dr. Martens with their patented AirWair sole is the secret to comfort. Enter the British Comfort Empire

Synthetic upper with stretchable mesh and venting. Ortholite anti-microbial moisture wicking sockliner. Internal midsole construction with forefoot adiPRENE+ and integrated 3D Torsion system. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 17.2 oz.

The easy-going Portland slip-on from Softwalk has everything that you need for a   busy and active lifestyle. Its padded lining and an amazing patented eggcrate footbed will   make every single step as comfortable as can be. Its tractioned rubber sole will keep you   stable while its easy slide in silhouette will help you out as you're constantly on the go.	SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.

iglou natural suede 50

The hottest style, with luxury sheepskin lining! Merrell Primo Chill Slides. Basically, these are your "bedroom slippers" to wear anywhere, and look good doing it! Merrell pioneered this combination of ease, style and comfort-performance, and they're still the best. The water-resistant suede leather uppers have a genuine sheepskin lining for the ultimate warm, breathable, natural comfort. The Merrell Pilot sticky-rubber outsole offers sure footing even on slippery sidewalks. An air cushion midsole, bouncy compression-molded EVA footframe, supportive nylon shank and wool fleece footbed offer comfort and stability like an athletic shoe. Each is approx. 3 1/2"h. and they average an "are they even on?" 11 ozs. light. State Size. Medium width. Women's Merrell Primo Chill Slides, Natural

coyl natural paris 100

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music and pop culture. Youre sure to have a positive reaction to this stylish, versatile and affordable collection.

This classic dress mary jane combines traditional party shoe styling with the terrific comfort you'd expect from Stride Rite.  Available with a shiny patent or matte leather upper, the Felicia boasts plenty of comfort features.  New folded edges prevent the shoes from pinching and keep her comfortable through every spin on the dance floor.  A comfort footbed adds cushioning and support, and a rounded front gives her toes plenty of wiggle room.  Other features include an adjustable buckle instep strap for a custom fit and a lightly textured dress outsole that blends dressiness with practical slip resistance.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Whether you're chilling surfside our lounging around town, Havaianas has you looking sharp and relaxed with the Brasil flip-flop. Bold, colorful and (most importantly) comfortable, this is your go-to look for every sunny day.	Mix it up by wearing this new style that combines the classic Brasilian flag with colorful straps logo and sole!Rubber upperRubber soleStyle Name

10 toes worth of cozy luxury! His 'n' hers Lamo Sheepskin Clogs, BIG BUCKS OFF! Soft, flexible suede leather uppers and cushy real sheepskin lining add up to heaven for your feet! Gotta wear 'em sockless. The permanent padded insole also is lined with soft, wicking, natural sheepskin. Rubber outsole for traction, and quick trips outdoors. Each approx. 3"h., 18 ozs. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

The Puma Women's Drift Cat is the takedown version of the pro motorsport boot, the Tour Cat Low, which features almost the same functions. By using the same outsole/midsole construction the Puma Drift Cat gets a little beefier in comparison, making it better suited for street wear. A soft pig suede, full-grain leather and synthetic upper combines with a non-slippery rubber outsole for comfort, support and durability.

A must-have for hunters, birdwatchers, or anyone whose works takes them outdoors, the Wetland Boot from MuckBoots is designed specifically for keeping feet dry and comfortable in the field. 100-percent waterproof from the toe to the top of the boot shaft, these unisex boots have durable, natural rubber uppers and a heavy duty, traction outer sole that can handle snow and mud. Superior comfort is achieved with a breathable, "Airmesh" lining, a CR flex-foam bootie, instep protector, and insulation that will keep your feet cool to over 70 degrees Fahrenheit and warm to sub-freezing temperatures.	Muck Boots Wetland Premium Field Boots. The muck stops here! Stops the cold and wet, too, for that matter! Extreme Boots were made for extreme field conditions. These Boots keep feet warm and dry even in the most unpredictable climates, all the way down to an icy -20 degrees F. Track through swamp, mud, slush, and snow without a problem. And do it all comfortably. Muck Boots... the very best protection for the very worst conditions! Here's why

The Men's Ripiro Sandal is Columbia's version of a traditional flip-flop.  The no-frills Ripiro Sandal sports water-repellant, quick-dry straps and post made of tubular nylon webbing.  This comfy flip-flop has a dual-density EVA midsole that forms to the contour of your foot with wear for a true custom fit.   The Ripiro's cushioned arch provides support without feeling too obtrusive.Product FeaturesMaterial

4.5 inch Heel Clear Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Ankle Strap.

Why is a shoe shine kit a valuable gift? It has often been said that you can tell much about a person by looking at their shoes, not whether they are rich or poor, but whether they take pride in themselves and in their work. In other words, it is not the quality of the shoes that makes the professional, but the quality of the care he or she gives their shoes that characterizes them.		This footwear care kit features a shoe horn, soft cloth, brush w/handle, 2 hand brushes, both black and neutral polish, and even 2 travel size polishes in separate packaging. Choose this premium care collection for recognizing the professional who always makes certain to deliver the right impression.	This set is great for traveling	Bag is 7" Tall by 6 1/4 Wide. Made in China.

Velcro closure monk-strap slip on on DBL outsole in premium leather

Thanks to a soft, foam-padded footbed, cushioned comfort is yours with this LifeStride Women's Malibu Sling Sandal. A durable polyurethane outsole flexes with your foot as you walk, and a low wedge heel keeps you steady on your feet. The criss-cross polyurethane upper lets your feet breathe easy, and two elastic inserts make for easy on and off.

With its luxe leather upper and traditional nautical detailing, the Cape Horn boat shoe from Sebago will prove to be a staple in your wardrobe. A padded footbed will keep you in comfort, and its sturdy rubber sole offers traction when you're setting sail.	Handsewn for a fit that's second to none. Boat shoe looks are always in style. And the Sebago Cape Horn gives you this style plus genuine moccasin construction that wraps the foot in a single piece of leather. Creates a fit that's uniquely your own. Handsewn bluscher moccasin construction... true old-world craftsmanship; Waxy pull-up, full grain leather upper; Sebago Tech non-slip rubber boat outsole; Shock-absorbing EVA midsole; Functional rawhide laces; Leather socklining; Littleway stitching; Padded tongue; Each approx. 16 ozs. Experience the handsewn difference. State Width and Size. Order ONLINE Today! Please Note

This butter soft drum dyed leather handbag offers great organization and, along with its sister style FN-2573, is one of Derek Alexander's most popular organizers. A Classic east-west, half flap that looks great with any outfit and features the best organization that Derek Alexander has to offer. Take a close look at this one.

The clean and sophisticated contours of these satchels will make the large ''it'' buckle trend look hot on anyone.

Leather upper with cushioning EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

4.5 inch Heel Wedge Mule Women's Size Shoe With Circular Cut-Out in Wedge.

In this comfortable FootSmart Women's Terry Slipper, cotton terry softness and an easy-to-adjust hook-and-loop closure lets you customize your fit without missing a step. Accommodates wide feet or corns, bunions or hammertoes, and and a slip-resistant PVC outsole helps provide traction.

fiestey white leather 65

A cleaned-up version of the soccer shoe inspired by international football legend Pele. The Puma Pele Brasil features a smooth leather upper and rubber outsole.

fiestey white leather 60

Ladies get ready to lace up these rugged lace-to-toe work boots and adjust it to the perfect fit, because that exactly what they're made for! Wolverine puts their customers in quality footwear that looks great, and fits even better. Starting with the full grain leather used to make the uppers of this classic Wolverine women's work boot, the first thing you'll come to appreciate after the great styling and fit is the resistance to abrasion and high level of water resistance. Bottom line

For the competitive player looking for a stable, durable, responsive performance shoe. Ultra-soft, lightweight synthetic micro-fiber upper. Toe overlay in Diadora exclusive HAR micro-fiber synthetic provides high resistance to abrasion due to toe drag. Uni-tongue lining with special anti-bacterial treatment. Removable, anatomically shaped, cushioned Ergo-Fit insole. Molded high-end EVA foam midsole with Double Action inserts in the forefoot and heel area for shock absorption and flexibility. Axeler Air Flow grid ensures proper forefoot flexion while offering midfoot stability and unsurpassed breathability. Revolutionary new Axeler Technology dramatically improves forefoot flexibility while ensuring maximum midfoot stability. The thread-like frame composed of Tech Alloy, which is visible in the outsole, provides the versatility required to prevent midfoot torsion while enhancing forefoot flexibility as demanded by the competitive player. Duratech 5000 special anti-abrasion rubber compound throughout to ensure excellent durability.

This lightweight leather chukka features all the comfort, cushioning and flexibility of a quality walking shoe  Leather upper  Velcro closure for easy on/off  FOOTONIC II contoured cushioned insert is removable  Shock-absorbing EVA-TECH microcellular sole  Stitchdown construction for flexibility

The adidas Superstar was introduced in 1969 on court for tests and was released to the public by 1970. It was the first low-top basketball shoe to feature an all-leather upper and the now-famous rubber shell toe. By the mid-'70s, three-quarters of all NBA players were wearing the new shell-toe shoes from adidas. This updated version features a tumbled leather upper with rubber shell toe, a wider outsole, heel stabilizer and a rubber outsole.

SKY-3000, 6 3/4" Ankle Hi Platform Boots Black Leather/BlackSPECIAL NOTE

The incredibly handsome matte leather slip-on loafer from Kenneth Cole Reaction will help you face your day in distinguished style and essential comfort. The squared apron toe, rolled leather trim, subtle perforated detail, padded tongue with hidden goring, lightly padded footbed and soft suede lining are all constructed together in this magnificent loafer.	Look sharp in this slip on.	Leather upper.	Subtle perforated detail.	Lightly padded footbed.	Leather sole.

Synthetic upper, encapsulated injected EVA midsole with adiPRENE, TorSion System. A3(TM) energy management technology comprised of polyurethane components for cushioning, guidance and stability. High traction, non-marking herringbone outsole.

Stitches galore emblazon these ergonomically crafted dress casual shoes from Clarks of England. Made from a top-grain leather upper with a buffed, no fuss finish, the shoes are lightweight, roomy, and designed for all-over comfort and durability--from the Othrolite Cushion footbed and breathable mesh liner, to the rugged, shock-absorbing polyurethane outsole and angle stitch construction. The split vamp with contrast stitching and underlay to the tongue, along with the wave sole pattern, and the Clark logo stamped at the heel combine to make the Touareg one sharp shoe. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	Clarks' premium full grain leather is hand-buffed to a soft glow in this men's dress casual oxford. The Clarks Touareg is a chic shoe with a removable leather and mesh covered footbed plus padded collar and tongue for extra cushioned comfort. The lightweight, flexible outsole of this Clarks shoe provides traction and long wear that you'll love to wear. Amp up your style in the Clarks Touareg!

Looking for some retro-styling in your next sneaker? This one from PUMA is exactly what you need. The suede construction will perfectly complement your casual attire. The padded insole provides comfort, while the rubber outsole delivers flexibility and traction. Includes an extra set of laces.	No Description

Water resistant nubuck leather upper, foam for warmth, rubber lug outsole.  19.4 oz.

Moda Spana was founded in 1991 by Sam Chen, a business man who recognized the need for women's quality fashion footwear in the moderate price range. Today, Moda Spana reaches millions of women around the world. They use the best components and materials available to offer quality, fashionable footwear at moderate prices, and create new styles each season to reflect what customers are looking for -- high quality standards and timely, fashionable styles. By using cutting-edge technology and employing a team of talented, professional people, Moda Spana produces a variety of fashion choices for today's consumer while offering value and the highest quality.

Soft supple leather upper split sole construction, smooth fitting elastic instead of laces. Rubber traction pad  heel.Women fitting

Nubuck and nylon mesh upper. Comfort polyurethane midsole/outsole.

Fashion and comfort come together to make this soft and cozy cross-over slipper.

A rugged trail shoe which provides heel and forefoot cushioning for off road and trail running. Water-resistant synthetic/mesh upper keeps feet dry in inclement weather conditions. Lightweight injected molded EVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot for maximum shock absorption, Stability Web provides midfoot support and torsional stability. Aggressive solid rubber outsole for long-wearing durability and traction. Wt. 14.1 oz.

UPPeR

Handsome, full-grained leather and a what's-old-is-new-again style give Florsheim's Lexington oxford its appeal. This wingtip features classic pinked and perforated trim, plus rubber insets in its leather outsole for added cushioning and grip.	Men's Florsheim, Lexington Wingtip oxford  A classic lace up dress style  Comfort Heel Cup  Leather Outsole with Rubber Island Insert  6 Eyelet styling  Padded Leather Upper  Dress heel

Tommy Hilfiger Footwear consists of products that range from core athletic styles to youthful, cutting edge fashion footwear that delivers fabulous styles season after season. The signature Tommy Hilfiger logo and the prominent red, white, and blue colors on their designs remain true to their classic all-American style.	Keep your child in style with this classic sneaker.  Durable tumbled leather upper and bottom.  Tommy Hilfiger color stripes on side panel.  Padded tongue and collar for all day comfort wear.

What's the most important quality a rugby player needs when running in the open field? If you've played rugby, you know there are two answers to this question -- you need either the quickness and toughness to run through the field or a team of paramedics standing by. Rugby's not a sport for the weak and slow, so adidas made the 9-15 men's rugby cleats as tough and quick as possible. Designed specifically for open-field running, the 9-15 men's rugby cleats feature a durable but lightweight construction that'll resist damage while allowing you to move as quickly as possible, and high-traction rubber cleats to give you great grip on the field and ensure you steady footing. The 9-15 men's rugby cleats give you every advantage they can, but surviving with those tools is up to you. You, or the team of paramedics waiting on the sidelines.

The Reebok NFL 4-Speed III 5/8 M2 football shoe features a super lightweight performance synthetic leather upper that is lightweight and comfortable with little break-in. Play Dry liners wick moisture away, helping to keep the foot cool and comfortable. External heel counter provides excellent support, heel lock, and comfort. Soft mesh tongue and collar liners with thick foam padding add comfort on top of the foot and around the heel with superior breathability. NFL lining package helps prevent stretching and fits consistently time after time. NFL Equipment molded EVA sockliner with ETC top cover and Poron inserts offers great comfort. Top cover helps reduce friction and heat build up. Molded TPU speed plate is lightweight, durable and provides maximum traction. Wt. 13.0 oz.

A great slide for after a workout or just wearing around town. The Under Armour Updrift Slide is great addition to any footwear collection. This slide provides you with quick and easy on and off. Constructed as a comfortable wear, Under Armour combined two synthetic materials that work together to give you a snug fit. Your foot will be protected with the HeatGear liner that provides moisture management. An added touch that increases your comfort is the footprint-inspired molded EVA footbed. This footbed is debossed with varying circles and arch area cut-aways for supreme comfort. The outsole is injected EVA that provides a lightweight feel.

Opens to main inside pockets, outside pockets, and rear zip pocket.

The Flamingo sandal is so beautiful, you'll forget it's a comfort shoe (until your happy feet remind you). Soft leather uppers feature a gorgeous cut-out scroll design and a shape that flatters the foot. This open-toe slingback style is outfitted on a moderate wedge heel. The pillowy-soft footbed is designed for excellent support, cushioning, and circulation, so your feet feel terrific all day long.	This casual sandal is cool, refreshing and easy to wear. We've kept your needs in mind and integrated a soft leather upper, padded insole and arch support, all on top of a cork lined poly flex sole. Your feet will feel our efforts. Heel Height 1 1/2"

Make more room for comfort! Customizable Clarks Tampa Casuals, SAVE BIG! Tired of shoes that seem designed for someone else's feet? The folks at Clarks are ready with your pair of Tampa Casuals. Even hard-to-fit feet have the space they need, thanks to a special removable "extra-fit" insole. A solid foundation for your next casual outing, or even just kicked back in your favorite relaxation location. A discontinued style SAVES you BIG BUCKS OFF the original in-store price! All-day comfort

The Superstar was introduced in 1969 as the first low-top basketball shoe to feature an all-leather upper and the now-famous rubber shell toe. It quickly became a favorite of NBA players and has been in production ever since.	No Description

coyl pink paris 85

Attaches to ALL styles of strollers to hold soda cup, cell phone, keys and more. Also attaches to front bar of strollers to hold child's sipper cup.		 * Non-slip, grip-tight strap easily attaches to standard strollers, umbrella strollers, jogging strollers and all-terrain strollers	 * Use on bicycle handlebar or belt loop too.	 * Insulated to keep drinks cold	 * Draw-string pocket hides valuables	 * Cell phone pocket with flap protects cell phone	 * Expandable pocket holds sunglasses, money, keys, credit cards, iPod and more.	 * Pocket features no-leak, heat sealed lining.	 * Easy-clean, pull-out lining prevents stains, odor and mildew.

coyl pink paris 80

The adidas adi Speed is a hybrid of the Titan from 1972. Plush suede upper with visible EVA midsole.

THE bag you've been looking for! This purse is the same as the white hobo handbag LC carried on Laguna Beach when she was touring her new house with Stephen. It is fun and trendy - you decide the look of the bag by changing the strap and the rings. The knot design is on the front and back.

Daniel Green's Glamour II slipper, with its rigid outsole, is sturdy enough for outdoor use, but it's all about fashionable comfort indoors. It has a thickly padded insole and a soft, stylish upper of kid skin--the same type of leather used to make gloves.	A classic slipper for morning or evening  Leather upper  Soft tricot lining  Thick latex footbed  Indoor smooth synthetic sole

The proprietary ASICS I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) enhances the efficiency and performance of the foot in volleyball specifically movements. Personal Heel Fit (PHF(TM)) is foam that molds to the heel. The SpEVA provides enhanced responsiveness. Ventilated sole increases air flow for temperature and humidity control.

5 inch Chunky Heel Thigh High Stretch Boots Women's Size Shoe.

Fashion and sport collide in the Puma Women's Impulse Cat. This casual women's dress shoe features a soft pig suede upper with a CMEVA midsole wedge for support. Non-slippery rubber outsole features an intermediate tire profile.

Artist, sculptor, and shoe designer Charles Bergmans created the Terra Plana line for those who appreciate modern design. Using the finest available materials, the shoes are crafted with unwavering attention to line, cut, and comfort. Terra Planas are stylish, versatile, and extremely durable.

From the original Dublin. Our Dublin Reserve Paddock Boots offer the maximum durability and comfort Features

Whether youre tearing up the course or like to experience lightning fast speeds from a safe distance, this motorsport shoe is worth checking out. The cushioned construction and non-slip outsole will keep you comfortable and steady while the modern styling will turn heads in the grandstand.	No Description

For an American-made boot that works extra hard, try this full-grain leather design from Thorogood. Its removable dual-density insole absorbs shock, while the fiberglass shank delivers great support. The Goodyear Storm Welt construction and solid brass hardware add unbeatable durability.	Men's Thorogood American Heritage Plain Toe Boots... made in the U.S.A.! Weinbrenner, the leading manufacturer and pioneering force in the American footwear industry, has been making Thorogood boots since 1892. You'll see their dedication to craftsmanship, expertise and innovation in these Thorogood American Heritage Safety Toe Boots

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	This work boot features

Bongo is about having fun and being yourself. The Bongo lifestyle is best described as simple California cool

Forget about Pro Models A through C right now, folks. The adidas Pro Model D football cleats are where it's at these days. Did Pro Model A feature a protective rubber shell toe or an ultra-breathable mesh ankle and tongue liner? Don't count on it. Do you think the Pro Model B featured notched, neoprene Achilles support? Don't make me laugh. Those shoes are so old the actual Achilles probably could've sued adidas for copyright infringement if they had. Do you think the Pro Model C...Well, to be honest, no one's really seen any of these shoes, probably because anyone who owns them is afraid to wear them on the field because of the ridicule such obsolete shoes would invite (i.e., "Are those the adidas Pro Model Cs? Who are you, Jim Thorpe?"). Or maybe adidas was smart and just skipped ahead to the good stuff. The adidas Pro Model D football cleats offer all these features, plus the added adaptability of two interchangeable insole cushions -- one lightweight, one thicker -- to boot. Heck, the adidas Pro Model D football cleats are so good, there may never be a need for a Pro Model E.

Ultra-lightweight micro-fiber synthetic leather upper. Internal Lightstrike(TM) EVA cushioning system. Molded EVA sockliner with adiPRENE(TM)+ insert in forefoot and engineered arch support. Ultra-lightweight injected Pebax detachable outsole plate.

jumpp purple fabric 75

jumpp purple fabric 70

This tote combines functionality with fashion flair

Super lightweight microfiber upper, injected Total Control resin on strike areas offers first touch and ball control, super fit side lacing with stitched instep flex provides slipper-like comfortable fit. Skeletal MS outsole with flex zone and rearfoot support cradle adds lightweight traction on dry natural surfaces and rearfoot stability.

Women's Ariat Heritage Lacer Boots. These Ariat Heritage Lacer Boots, with Ariat ATS Technology, are the ideal choice for most avid riders and horse enthusiasts looking for stability and comfort. Saddle up with all that Ariat Boots have to offer

Men's Converse 6" Steel Toe External Metatarsal Guard Athletic High Tops. Look tough with tough foot protection... comfortable Converse Steel Toe External Metatarsal Guard Athletic High Tops

Comfortable, well-cushioned shoe that is great for everyday wear.  Soft leather upper with mesh tongue and reflective detailing for a breathable, durable upper with increased visibility for night walking safety, molded removable Nitracel Engage sockliner for enhanced cushioning. Contoured, CMEVA midsole with high density medial posting for dynamic stability and control. Solid rubber outsole with deep forefoot flex grooves for durability and forefoot flexibility.

6 inch Heel Strappy Sandal Women's Size Shoe With 2 Inch Platform.

The Zephz SaddleLite women's cheerleading shoe comes with a rainbow of saddle color inserts, 16 in all. This old school style shoe is lightweight and comfortable featuring a high quality leather upper and EVA midsole.   Contact our Group & Team Sales Department at (877)504-0840 to arrange team orders on this item. Special team discounts may apply.

RocketK Vegan Mens Active Shoes by Earth Footwear

Aggressive styling and a vibrant color scheme let Avia's A2545W running shoe stand out from the pack.  Innovative design features combine a full foot Shear Cantilever System for premium cushioning with a Dura-Stryk heel outsole for an unparalleled running experience.	Search all you want but there's a good chance you won't find anything as comparable to the Avia Avi-Quest Women in terms of comfort, cushioning and overall performance! Built for themild over-pronator who requires a combination of cushioning andstability. This women's running shoe features a full length Shear CantivleverSystem (SCS) midsole Active-TPU plate that provide the most dynamic biofeedback to your foot during the running gait cycle so your ownindividual Auto-Response mechanism can perform the inherent guidancesystem within all of us! In addition, this Avia running shoe incoroporatesAvia's Cantilever design in the forefoot for an enhanced cushioningexperience. The athlete seeking the most intuitive Avia running shoe, seeksthe Avia Avi-Quest Women!

Kiwi shine sponge gives an instant shine to leather and vinyl shoes and accessories including bags, luggage and briefcases in any color.

****OUT OF STOCK SIZES WILL BE BACKORDERED THROUGH DEXTER UNTIL MID JUNE**** Universal Soles Color

Helle Comfort Daisy slide sandals feature metallic-finished leather uppers, adjustable metal buckles on the vamp and toe straps, subtle rivet detailing, slightly platformed mid-soles, and low-cut heels. The Daisys are perfect companions to your favorite designer shorts and tiny-tee ensembles.	- A stunning designer slide with two adjustable straps with silver metal buckle detailing.	- Rich Italian leather uppers with very fashionable silver nailhead detailing.	- The dual adjustable buckles will help give you a custom fit and make this shoe fit a variety of widths.	- Latex footbed is very cushioned and will provide all day support. The shoes are leather lined and the footbed is leather topped.	- Flexible, lightweight, durable, and very supportive non-skid rubber outsole.	- Heel height approx 2 1/2"

Brown Shoe Company and multiple Grammy winner, Carlos Santana, have worked together to bring you "Carlos by Carlos Santana" footwear. These shoes reflect the same passion and energy that is generated by Carlos Santana's music. A portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the Milagro Foundation, which partners with the nonprofit community to serve the needs of children and youth. Started in 1998 by Carlos and Deborah Santana, this foundation supports educational efforts to help children and youth live healthy, literate, and culturally enriched lives.

This Classic loafer from Sebago will prove to be a staple to your work wardrobe. Traditional styling is accented by glossy leather and detailed stitching, and its stacked heel lends a little lift.	See why a handsewn toe makes this the most comfortable penny loafer you've ever worn... classic leather sole! Small details make a difference. Which is why Sebago laboriously handsews the toes on these Classic Loafers. Smoother, more comfortable, better-flexing, more pleasing to the eye. And the toe isn't the only notable feature

Founded in 1922, Rochester Shoe Tree Company is both the oldest and largest shoe tree company in the world, manufacturing all of its cedar products in Ashland, New Hampshire. Using the latest in computer technology combined with the New England work ethic and tradition of fine craftsmanship, Rochester shoe trees and cedar products reflect both the quality and employee pride that have made their products the standard of excellence for over 75 years. All of our shoe trees are made out of Eastern red cedar, a wood recognized for its beauty, durability, moisture absorption and aromatic properties. Increasing the useable life of shoes is an environmentally positive feature of all of Rochester's shoe care products.

Inspired by T-MACs personality and playing style. Lightweight synthetic leather upper combined with perforated synthetic offers comfort and breathability, evolved square shell toe. Internal midsole construction provides low to the ground feel, adiPRENE+ forefoot cushioning insert, Torsion System. Non-marking rubber outsole with herringbone traction pattern. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Satisy your shoe addiction with the Magic flat from Pazzo. This edgy flat has a snakeskin leather upper, a scalloped trim surrounding the collar for an extra feminine flair, a vampy pointed toe, canvas lining, and a cushioned insole for day and night comfort. Add some flashiness to a suit at the office, then let your hair down and pair with some sexy skinny jeans and see what kind of Magic the night brings you.	Pazzo has been manufacturing women's fashion footwear since 1898. Pazzo incorporates designs to match the changing lifestyles of today's woman.

Treat your little dancer to this slip-on split sole tap shoe from Bloch. It features an elastic insert for a flexible fit and support, while the fabric lining is extra breathable. A specially designed heel notch reduces pressure on the Achilles tendon.	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

Knee high boots are in this season!  These boots are hot!  Fur trim on top with a buckle design.  The slim stiletto heel with a pointy toe design.

Guide Gear Sentinel 2000, BIG BUCKS OFF! Waterproof... and the Guide Dry membrane "sock" vents moisture out. Plus 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation, and all this

A perfect fit for women, but every bit as rugged and dependable as Timberland's boots for men. The Waterville is the boot of choice for women who are serious about their footwear.  Waterproof leather with seam-sealed construction to keep feet dry in any weather Moisture-wicking forepart provides comfort and breathability Premium waterproof leather keeps your feet dry Rubber sole for abrasion resistance

Elite Bowling Shoes - for Men and Women from beginner to professional. Step into comfort. Step up your performance. Step into Elite Bowling Shoes. 		We made Elite Bowling Shoes with one thing in mind, our Elite customer. These shoes have a universal slide sole with strong support to provide great performance for both right handed and left handed bowlers. We only use the finest grade materials to craft our shoes and we stand behind every pair with a two year warranty! Check around and see if anyone else in the industry is confident enough to make that claim. Join the Elite Bowling Family today and bowl worry free for at least two years - we guarantee it.	(Women's Style)

Perfect for a day at the office or a weekend of leisure, the Deerfield II offers terrific versatility. This slip-on boasts fine leather construction, a singular boat-shoe lacing detail, and tassels on the vamp. Heel and insole cushioning delivers shock-absorbing support.	Sleek leather loafer has moc toe styling and decorative tie tassel. Elegant dress loafer is perfect for suits and special occassions. Boat-style side lacings compliment the polished look. Trampoline cushion system provides comfort, fit and support.

Synthetic/mesh upper, PHF(TM) lined heel collar, Biomorphic Fit(TM). SpEVA midsole, visible rearfoot and forefoot "twist" GEL Cushioning Systems, I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System), DuoTruss System, DuoMax medial post. DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug. Weight 11.2 oz.

Tour Master Solution Waterproof Road Boots   The Tour Master Solution WP Road boot is constructed with durable 1.8mm to 2.0mm waterproof leatherA King Tex waterproof and breathable membrane combines with sealed seams and gusset to provide comfortable waterproofingMolded rubber cup sole is extremely durable and offers high levels of performance on or off the motorcycle20 waterproof thread stitched throughout the boot provides further waterproofing1.8mm to 2.0mm waterproof leather toe guard protects the left boot from wear due to motorcycle shifter controlsThe boot collar is lined with Air Mesh material to increase airflow and comfortThe boot interior is lined with a soft and comfortable K-315 materialEasy entrance side opening with YKK zipper and full hook and loop flap closuresArticulated leather panels at the front and rear of boot increase flexibility and performanceView the MotorcycleUSA.com review of the Tour Master Solution Waterproof Road Boots here    Tour Master Solution Boot Review       Closeouts are limited to stock on hand

"The Polo" is a simple yet very stylish clutch. The basic shape of the clutch is as simple as they come, but what sets it apart is an intricate ball with tassels as a decorative closure.	It is this closure that gives "The Polo" it's personality and a snap of style.

Some of us possess a little extra pizzazz  a flashy aspect to our personality we only show when the time is right. The Converse Print Roll Down can relate. Some days, it's a sharp, solid-color classic. Other days, roll it down and let the other side come out to play. Canvas upper provides durable support. Rubber outsole offers traction and durability.

These keychains would be great gift for dog-lovers of the world!LIC gifts carry 45 kinds of dog key chains. Enter "VANCA Dog Keychains" in a search box or a href="http

A true American original, the Champion sneaker from Keds has been updated with a soft cotton terry lining, a more secure heel, a roomier toe, and improved arch support. This classic sneaker is a wardrobe staple that pairs perfectly with casual wear.	The Keds Champion 2K Leather Oxford features a washable leather upper with a soft cotton lining and arch support.

The ideal shoe for the race sport enthusiast and a lifestyle statement at the same time (not fireproof). Soft Nubuck/synthetic upper provides comfy support and great-looking style. Oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole with intermediate tire profile provides great grip. Mid-cut version contains Velcro closure for additional support.

Stylish square toe slip-on featuring elastic gores on sides, apron front design, Gloss Kid upper, leather lining and a thin, sleek non-leather sole.

101440GRY40 Features

gosip black paris 110

The adidas Triple Star 5 baseball shoe has the traditional cleated look with a foldover tongue. Synthetic leather upper provides light weight and durability. adiTUFF toe and perforated forefoot. Non-slip lining adds comfort and performance. EVA insole, CMEVA midsole. High-traction rubber outsole. Wt. 12.2 oz.

Water-resistant stretch crepe uppers are lined in leather in this sporty slip-on casual. Cushioned footbeds add extra comfort and a rugged traction outsole gives it durability and grip.	Brand

The Baggallini Commuter Bagg, is a great looking business bag that keeps your laptop protected and your accessories and paperwork organized	Holds up to a 16" laptop Lightweight water resistant nylon -Materials

A stylish, simple shoe with a touch of class, the Shade slip-on from Ecco is equally at home paired with slacks or jeans. Try wearing them for work or play. Featuring a narrow heel with generous toe room, your feet will feel comfortable in these attractive slip-ons.	Ecco's Shade, a casual slip on with rich detailing adds a touch of class to any ensemble.

Chucka boots were all the rage a few years ago. If you were cool, you wore Chucka boots. Now, the Wolverine 3766 DuraShocks Explorer II Tan Mock-Toe Chukka Shoe emerges. It has all the features that you would want in a Work Shoe, yet can be worn anywhere comfortably. Wolverine's 3766 DuraShocks Explorer II Tan Mock-Toe Chukka Shoe is made with a genuine full-grain tan leather upper, and is lined with Dri-Lex and leather. It has a removable double-density footbed that adds cushioning and stability to your step and absorbs energy and shock. And the closed-cell polyurethane footbed construction retains its spring regardless of compression. The fiberglass shank stabilizes the foot, and, because it weighs 75% less than steel, it reduces the fatigue you can experience after a long day. The permanent direct-attach molding construction seals out water. The non-marking, oil- and slip-resistant soles are great for traction. Compression pads in the heel and forefoot of the outsole compress into the outsole to dissipate forces before they reach the feet and legs. That means that your feet and legs will get less tired. And these boots are assembled in the good old USA. Back in the old days, chucka boots were made without any of the comfort features that the Wolverine 3766 DuraShocks Explorer II Tan Mock-Toe Chukka Shoe has today. They were without any padding at all! It felt like you were walking on the floor. It is amazing that technology can give us the same great look today, and include all the great features above. We are going to order ours today, too! Be cool, dude! You can find the steel toe version of this Wolverine work shoe by searching for style number 3834. Sizes Manufactured

This huarache sandal is designed for all-day comfort, made from the softest premium leathers and boasting a super-cushioned footbed. Take the Tela on long walks or out to lunch with friends, the flexible sole is durable and resilient. Available in eye-catching colors, the Tela is the perfect complement to casual warm-weather looks, from shorts and skirts to cropped pants.

To the sleek go the spoils, and a boot doesnt come much cooler than this exercise in wearable attitude by Giorgio Brutini. The shape is lean, simple and sensational with a lustrous kid upper, pointed toe and Cuban heel. A full inside zipper closure and soft leather lining make this boot a comfort to put on, and a comfort to wear. Finally, a genuine leather outsole also speaks to the quality and value of this very affordable and stylish boot	PLAIN TOE DEMI-BOOT

Now you can get these official military-issue DuraShocks Oxfords from Bates. Factory seconds (but not so you'd notice)! Because picky government inspectors slapped the factory second on these official military-issue Shoes from Bates, you are able to nab them for big bucks off their regular price. And the best part is you won't even notice. Here's what you're getting

Channel your cowgirl vibe into the 21st century with the Dallas boot from Volatile. The lengthy stacked heel elongates a simple western shape while the addition of polished accents perfects the embroidered shaft. Perfect your weekend with Dallas.	Embrace your inner Western style with this chic boot Synthetic upper Stitching and studded accents for added style Pull-on style with two pull-tabs for easy on/off Lightly padded footbed 3 heel height

Best known for boat shoes that have logged more miles of open ocean than any other brand, the Sperry Top-Sider story began on a raw winter day in New England. When avid sailor and hobbyist inventor Paul Sperry let his dog Prince out for his daily exercise, he noticed that the cocker spaniel was remarkably stable, even at a full run on the snow covered, icy crust. Paul raced back to his laboratory to begin working. Using pieces of rubber, a razor blade, and an ordinary sneaker, Paul had soon pieced together the prototype of the world's first boat shoe. Subsequent designs yielded the original Sperry Top-Sider now known as the Authentic Original.  Since 1935, Sperry Top-Sider has been the leading brand of footwear for those who love the water. From its introduction of the world's first siped rubber outsole for non-marking traction, to its advanced technical fabrication to combat the elements, Sperry Top-Sider remains the vanguard of high-performance amphibious footwear. Available around the globe in fine independent, marine, and department stores, Sperry Top-Sider is the official footwear of the U.S. Sailing Team, Zodiac Academy, the World Billfish Series, and the Shimano Fishing Tour.	Step into the bay with the stylish and functional Sperry Top-Sider Bluefish Shearling. This women's boat shoe features a water resistant leather upper for comfort and durability. A shearling lining offers superior warmth and comfort to your feet on cold days. The P-1 Softdeck cushioning system provides enhanced comfort under foot. Perforated panels and tongue provide added breathability. This Sperry Top-Sider boat shoe also has a non-skid, molded rubber outsole with molded siping and water channeling grooves for added grip on wet surfaces. Get classic style with a cold weather twist with the Sperry Top-Sider Bluefish Shearling.

Kids' Itasca Snow Stomper Winter Boots... no more worries about the kiddies feet being cold! Kids tend to love winter and play outside for extended times! These Boots are an insurance policy against cold little feet. Order for all the kids now and take advantage of my attractive Guide price! Features

Street-ready and fit for work, the Nautilus 5032 holds a new standard in toughness with a modern edge. This slip-resistant, composite toe lace-up has ergolite construction, thinner than traditional safety toes with a ballistic mesh for added strength. Highly durable and very comfortable, it's no wonder this is one of the highest-rated slip-resistant shoes.	Running a kitchen, whether at a five star resort or as a downtown soup kitchen can be a very high-paced and high stress job. Wearing the right footwear for the job can decrease your tension and allow you to be happier about showing up. Nautilus N5032 Men's Composite Safety Toe Shoes are designed for just these types of careers. They are safety-oriented, comfortable, durable and high-performance professional. The black full-grain leather uppers are stylish, professional-looking shoes that will mesh with any restaurant uniform. Plus, they are durable to last you a long time on the job. They are action-ready and water-resistant to protect them from the spills likely to happen in a kitchen or dining setting. They are also one of the most highly rated oil- and slip-resistant shoes to protect you from those same spills and messes. This Nautilus style is a new combination of two kinds of protection- a composite toe and slip-resistance. These shoes have Nautilus' "Ergolite" construction, which means that the composite toe is thinner than other brands and has ballistic mesh for added strength. They are a third of the weight of a steel-toe, non-metallic, and non-conductive to heat and cold. This unique composite toe design absorbs shock to decrease the impact on your feet and meets or exceeds ASTM F2413-05 I/75 C/75 impact and compression specifications. For additional comfort, these shoes have an EVA midsole and an ergonomically designed "wide area" composite toe. Sprint on over to your restaurant management job in the new Nautilus N5032 Men's Composite Safety Toe Shoes and feel the difference of shoes designed just for you in your profession. They are loaded with features for safety, comfort, and durability to help you look like the ultimate professional.Sizes Manufactured

Western Chief was founded in Seattle in 1891 to produce rugged outdoor boots designed to meet the harsh conditions of the Alaska Gold Rush. Today, they are still committed to making the same high quality, rugged work footwear. Built with the finest materials to demanding standards, their footwear keeps people warm and dry, comfortable and stylish, safe and secure.	A full-featured Work Boot without the budget-breaking price tag? Western Chief Expedition Boots deliver! The classic Work Boot you know and love, with durable, long-lasting Western Chief know-how. You get full-featured, no-compromise construction and all-day comfort. Durable and flexible crazy horse leather uppers; Tough steel shank support... no fiberglass here! Rubber sport track lug sole for a dependable long-lasting grip; Full Goodyear storm welt; Moisture-wicking Taibrelle lining; Electrical hazard protection for on-the-job safety. Great for the construction site! ANSI 75 rated steel toe for extra foot security. Approx. 28 ozs. State Size. Medium-wide width. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Birkenstock thins out its look with this cute and feminine Madrid slide. With its classically, contoured EVA footbed you already know that the comfort part is covered, and with its slim and comfy leather strap, it will offer you a better, and much breezier appeal.	The original that started it all. Known as the Birkenstock Fitness Sandal in Europe, this design tones the foot and calf muscles while improving circulation. This timeless one strap features our famous contoured footbed, fully adjustable strap and shock absorbing EVA sole. Available in a variety of materials and colors. Upper material

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	100% waterproof. Warm, too, with 200 gram Thinsulate Insulation. SAVE BIG BUCKS on Columbia Bugabootoo Boots. Premiere men's winter Boots from Columbia. Insulated, waterproof, surface- gripping for the toughest winter days. Shovel snow, hike, defy the cold on your way out to the car, morning and night. Excess inventory deal means you save! Best in snow

liner black leather 55

kate spade was founded in 1993 with six simple handbags that shook up what had been a quiet accessories category.Fifteen years and a handbag revolution later, wit and playful sophistication are hallmarks of everything "kate spade," a world that now includes a broad array of products.A strong sense of personal style and a passion for color set the tone for each kate spade collection. kate spade continues to find inspiration in the everyday and the unpredictably elegant, bringing a graceful, exuberant approach to style and living.	From the Roseland collection, a very stylish Kate Spade. Fully lined with Signature Fabric. A Dust bag included

6 1/2 Inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Sawdust Faux Wood Bottom.

The Lenex is made from technologically advance leathers, polyurethanes and moisture transferring polyesters to keep the foot in a healthy cool environment. Moisture transfer polyester lining. Removable Aetrex polyurethane orthotic absorbs shock heel to toe. Multi-density EVA midsole. Anti-slip rubber outsole. High-tech Carboplast foot bridge provides motion control and minimizes pronation. Three hook-and-loop straps. Aetrex unique PRS insole (Pressure Relief System) allows you to easily customize the comfort and fit of the shoe by trimming the insole at the areas of pressure.

1 Inch Heel Women's Size Shoe With Lace Pleated Instep.

"Dig a foxhole!" Converse Side-zip Tactical Boots offer comfort for extended duty. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Gladiator TOUGH. No sissy Boots here. Nothing but rugged, made-to-last quality. And Converse did it again, using only the finest materials money can buy. Hooyah! Just what you need for marching, maneuvers and monitoring (surveillance). Seems my volume buy discounts the usual price! Looky

Treat your feet to cushiony-soft comfort and great-looking style with the adidas Dakkano Vario sandal. Anatomically molded leather footbed conforms to foot, providing plush comfort with every step.  Hook-and-loop closure allows a comfy, secure fit. Die-cut EVA outsole delivers traction and durability.

What's Your Spirit Level? Easy Spirit has made it easy to find the fitness shoe that matches your level of activity. Spirit Level 2 is for advanced walkers with medium intensity activities  Elastic vamp panel gives this lightweight, leather mule an awesome fit. You'll feel like you're floating on air with Spirit Level 2 construction  Leather upper  Elastic vamp panel  Shock-resistant, Elon midsole  Removable, cushioned insole  Bouncy, rubber outsole  1 heel

When you're about to embark on a tough hike, you need to feel confident that you can depend on your footwear for comfort and performance. Designed for hikers and freerunners, FiveTen's Guide Tennie features a reinforced leather upper, compression-molded EVA midsoles, a technical toe rand, a rocking last, and ankle-to-toe lacing for a precise fit and more efficient movement. And, of course, its Stealth C4 dotty tread sole provides a grip like no other. So go on, get out there.	Whatever is on your outdoor docket for the day--technical climbs, scrambling, bouldering or light hiking--the Dragontail Lite Approach is the multi-tasking shoe that'll get the job done. A water-repellent suede upper and rubber toe and heel bumpers protect your feet from all angles, a porous rubber midsole delivers support and breathability, and a sticky rubber outsole keeps feet where you put them. Toe-to-collar lacing adjusts for a comfortable fit right out of the box, while dual pull tabs make dressing that much speedier.

This 23-1/2" epoxy coated steel shoehorn with a curved finger grip ia a valuable dressing aid for people who have difficulty bending because of back or leg problems. The lower end of the shoehorn has a notch for removing socks.

Carolina 6" Plain Toe Domestic Boots... made in the USA! In EXTRA-WIDE sizes too! No-nonsense Boots tend to the comfort of your feet. They manage moisture, heat, and microbial and fungal development. A steel shank and available steel toe protect your feet from injury. They're built tough so you can be tough

Made for the competitive cross country runner. Open mesh upper with synthetic overlays. LightStrike(TM) EVA midsole, skeletal spike plate and high grip toe-off area. Wt. 8.3 oz.

The ASICS GEL-Nimbus VII running shoe is ideal for the neutral or underpronating runner looking for guidance and cushioning from heel strike to toe-off. Biomorphic Fit upper provides enhanced fit and comfort while decreasing the potential for irritation. SpEVA 45 last helps increase rearfoot cushioning and long-lasting comfort. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems offer maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation in all planes of motion. Advanced Space Trusstic System creates a pocket that allows for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. IGS (Impact Guidance System) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait while allowing for natural foot movement. Wt. 12.9 oz.

Men's Maxiumum Cushioning running shoe for the neutral foot type.

The classic Milano sandal delivers legendary Birkenstock comfort with a contoured cork/latex footbed that molds to your foot for incredible comfort and distributes your body weight evenly for optimal support. Adjustable buckle straps across the top of the foot and around the heel allow you to secure a perfect fit. A leather upper and suede-lined footbed provide durability and  breathable comfort.	Back-strap sandal in a variety of materials with fully adjustable straps and shock-absorbing EVA sole. Features Birkenstock's classic suede-lined cork/latex footbed. Oiled leather

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Brand and Style - STEVE MADDENKoope    Size - 10    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - Brown    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

You will look and feel great with the long-lasting comfort and sophisticated style of the Sport pump from David Tate. Its buttery leather upper has elastic gores for flexible fit and a padded insole with extra arch support for comfort. The subtle square toe and thick stacked heel make this a timeless shoe that'll always give you the support you need.	Just a hint of western styling separates this tailored calfskin leather pump from the ordinary  Calfskin leather upper  Twin side gores for a flexible fit  Extremely flexible outsole  1-1/4" stacked leather heel

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	Built for runners with moderate pronation, the Brooks Trance 5 running shoe is truly a dream to wear. Featuring new HVAC, e-1 and e-2 technologies, the latest Trance offers a combination of cushioning, support and comfort. Microfiber uppers with Element air mesh and linings. HydroFlow ST-XL with forefoot HydroFlow. Full-length

The Puma Esito r HG soccer shoe combines comfort and longevity. This boot sets out to bring players success  independent of age or position. Soft PU upper with quilted vamp, soft ankle lining and a fold-over tongue. Rubber molded outsole with a stitched forefoot.

Step up your volleyball performance with the ASICS GEL Wahine. This high-performing volleyball shoe is engineered to provide top-quality performance within the demanding conditions confronting the serious volleyball athlete. Running shoe last provides efficient heel-to-toe transition. Large-volume rearfoot and forefoot GEL cushioning provides shock absorption. Dynamic Cradle enhances landing stability while providing efficient energy transfer from landing to jump phase. NC Rubber outsole provides excellent traction on indoor surfaces.

Is it a boot? Is it a sandal? Who cares, putting a label on something is so overrated. But the look of the Leighton from MIA certainly isn't. It has a rich suede upper with pretty and polished metal and tonal seaming, while the platform is there to balance out that chunky and sexy heel.	Create a bold fashion statement with this uniquely styled ankle bootie featuring complementary strap detailing, chunky heel, inside zip closure and flirty peep-toe with hidden platform. By MIA Product Information Heel Height - 4 1/2" Platform - 1" Shaft - 6 1/2" Circumference - 9 3/4"  Material - Suede  Toe - Open  Closure - Inside ZipCALIFORNIA PROP 65 WARNING

4.5 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Rhinestone Butterfly and Thong Strap.

PLEASER,High Platform,XTCXTC-889, 7 1/2" PF Oxford W/Nurse EmblemAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Stone Mountain Leather Tote Bag Softest Tan Leather! Gold hardware w/SM Logo Large Interior Zip Pocket, cell pocket, and slip pocket and key ring on snap Two exterior pockets one zip and one slip snap pocket Snap closure 10" wide; x 10" tall at center; 4" front to back;

Brand X Huaraches are hand made with vegetable-tanned leather, woven over an Italian cushion outsole for incredible comfort and years of service. Imported.

Top zip opening to lined main compartment with inside zip pocket, cell phone pocket and detachable coin pouch. 31 long double strap.

4" Heel Maribou Slippers

There's a delicious satisfaction in slipping on a good pair of clogs as you head out to the garden. These are those kinds of clogs, and typical Birkenstocks in every sense

Play hard and fast with confidence in this men's Ektelon NFS Classic court shoe. The molded EVA midsole provides cushioning comfort, while the soft, full-grain leather upper offers comfort, support and durability. The natural rubber outsole delivers exceptional grip and traction on a variety of surfaces.

It's the soft and comfortable leather that makes these Unisex Lace to Toe Hikers from Dr. Martens the most popular hiking shoe. Or perhaps it's the patented Flexlink technology, which pampers your feet, whether they're hiking on the trail or up a city street. To create the "grizzly" effect, the leather is tumbled for softness as well as for an overall rugged and full-grain appearance. You may not want to take them off, long after you've come back indoors. Benefits of Flexlink Technology As the foot flexes, the Flexlink technology in the forefoot filler softens the compression. An Ortholite insole with open cell foam increases breathability and aids in shock absorption. A leather-hinged footbed flexes in tandem with the Flexlink forefoot to enhance flexibility and comfort. Finally, a unique compression chamber cushion system absorbs footfall shock from heel to forefoot. About Dr. Martens  Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctors immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Dr. Martens Heritage Chukkas feel good, look good, and will not dent your wallet! BIG BUCKS OFF! If you've worn "Docs" before you KNOW what the shouting is all about... if this is your first pair, you'll be doing the shouting yourself! Oiled full-grain leather uppers for style and durability; Dr. Martens renowned Air Wair outsole for bounce-in-your-step comfort; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Permanent leather and Taibrelle-lined insole for comfort; Unlined for cool breathability; Approx. 5"h., 29 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. We don't have a huge number of these, so get your order in today. Men's Dr. Martens Heritage Chukkas, Bark

coyl natural paris 90

Show off your inner diva with the Pounce pump from Carlos by Carlos Santana. This tantalizing pump has a sexy print upper with a solid leather trim   for additional attitude, a flirty peep toe, a covered sultry stiletto heel, soft leather linings, cushioned insole, and a textured outsole. Set every step   you take on fire with this exotic Pounce pump.	The Naturalizer Pengo women's sandal does a delicate balancing act between being casual and comfy. This women's sandal's upper is made using leather and it has a round open toe. For a flexible fit, goring panels are present on either sides of the sandal. Crisscross design adds to the beauty of the sandal. Interior comfort is provided by the smooth textile lining while the N5 comfort system takes care of the cushioning and support. Nonslip rubber outsole is there to provide durability and traction control. Height of the microfiber-wrapped wedge heel is 2  inches and the platform height is  inch. Women who want both comfort and style should buy the Naturalizer Pengo women's sandal.

Capezio's Pli II pointe shoe keeps you beautifully on your toes. This shoe features a satin upper, a broad box and wide platform plus an elastic drawstring for a snug fit.	Broad, feathered toe box. Medium vamp. "U" shape throat. Hand-flattened crown. New pleating with quiet toe construction. Wide platform. Soft cotton lining. Three-quarter box. Satin binding with elastic drawstring. Short leather outer sole. Skived No. 3 leather board shank. BEST FIT

PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revolutionary design. PUMA Running offers options for a marathon trainer or a casual jogger. The Running Collection intertwines innovative technology and superior comfort with smart style.	Oh, yeah; this baby's got style. One look at the Puma Elevation II men's running shoes and you'll be smitten. The sleek, lightweight upper is dressed up with synthetic leather and snazzy contrasting stripes. They're like racecars for your feet, without the heat and sleeveless AC/DC t-shirts. We're not dissing the band; AC/DC rocks.Regardless of your rockin' selection, we know the Puma Elevation II men's running shoes will be number one with a bullet in your charts! The construction is built for support and enhanced agility in your workout, on the track and off. Puma puts quality into every stitch, and the Puma Elevation II men's running shoes are prime examples of this quality. They're lightweight and durable, and feature a mesh tongue for enhanced breathability. Feel your sole in the Puma Elevation II men's running shoes!

Help protect your footwear investment with this Woodlore shoe tree. Made from cedar in a design that can be adjusted for length and toe width, it absorbs moisture naturally while keeping your shoe in the perfect shape.	When the company was first founded in 1987, Woodlore cedar products were only available through Allen-Edmonds stores and other specialty retailers. But as demand for their innovative cedar solutions grew, it only made sense to make their catalog available online. Today, you can find Woodlore products in closets around the world, from New York to New Delhi.

The Stacy Adams Sierra casual shoe features a leather upper with a roomy toe box and rubber sole.

You'll never fail in the distinguished style of the Lexington wingtip oxford from Florsheim. Sport the cultivated look of a leather wingtip, along with the comfort of a rubber tap-outfitted leather sole, a fully-cushioned footbed, and leather quarter and sock linings. Plus, they're airport-friendly, so you can skip the hassle of baring your socks when passing through security.	Enduring standards of this Lexington dress shoe is a hallmark to the collection. Durable leather upper maintains it's polished appearance through many invaluable occasions. The leather outsole with a TPR Island Flex Bar offers slip-resistance, flexibility and high abrasion resistance. Perfect for formal occasions and evenings that will impress everyone with your fashion veracity.

SAVE BIG on Durango Boot Hideout Side-zip Boots. Don't even go there... the mall, that is. Not when you can lasso these Durango Boot Hideout Side-zip Boots here for an un-boot-able big bucks off! Hiding out's the last thing you'll do in these babies. They're so well-made, stylish and versatile, you'll show them off non-stop. Yet they endure, thanks to the quality construction Durango Boot's been known for since 1966. More

101654BKR115 Features

Extra, Extra Wide Mens Slippers accommodate even the most swollen feet in fabulous comfort. The wide opening has Easy Touch closure. Skid-resistant soles. Memory foam insoles for the ultimate in comfort! Anti-bacterial to control odour and stains. Terrific for those with arthritis or lowered hand dexterity.

jumpp black fabric 60

A contemporary dash of style adds fashionable possibilities to the long list of Gizeh's outstanding features. The modern look plus the extra comfort of the contoured suede footbed and foamy EVA outsole make this sandal from Birkenstock an all-around winner.	A popular, foot-forming sandal with a twist  "Easy-to-clean" shiny leather-like upper  Cork/latex footbed with deep heel cup  Lightweight EVA sole  Longitudinal arch and metatarsal support Please order Euro size and width

You'll flip for this easy-going sandal from crocs. The Modi Flip features the same lightweight construction that you've come to know and love from the brand, plus its textured footbed will massage your foot with each and every step.	Breeze through your day in cool comfort with this sandal  Lightweight croslite upper  Dual-density croslite footbed with massaging circulation nubs  Unique interlocking snap footbed design  Non-marking, slip-resistant croslite sole  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

jumpp black fabric 65

Platforms with 5 inch Heels and 1 1/4 inch Base. Buckle Side Strap for Easy Wear. size 7. Red Glitter Only. Available in sizes 7,8,9,10 and 11.* Shoe slightly differs from picture.

You'll love the cool, casual ease of DC's Court Graffik sneaker. Featured in durable leather with sporty overlays and logo graphics, the sneaker also has plenty of padding to give you a relaxed step to match your attitude.	Clean, technical, and professional grade skate shoes by DC Shoes with bold logo details. Smooth action leather or sport suede upper in a clean technical skate shoe style with a rounded, plain toe.   An oversized DC logo applique and signature DC logo accents add classic detail. Lace up front, with a padded mesh tongue and collar.   Fabric lining, cushioned insole, shock absorbing midsole. Grippy rubber outsole with DC's "pill" traction pattern.

WARM, 100% WATERPROOF. Itasca Rubber Ankle-fit 2,000 Gram Boots are scent-free. POCKET BIG! Go ahead. Play "swamp thing" in the deep backcountry! Just the rugged Boots you need for hunting where no man frequently goes. Did somebody say warm? No problem. These Itasca brutes pack 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation to fight off Jack Frost. Seems an excess inventory puts the usual store price on ice. Loaded Scent-free rubber uppers shed water like a shy puppy (totally waterproof); Rubber lug outsole delivers top traction; Camo wrapped EVA midsole for cushioning; Removable, cotton-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Rubber-reinforced toe cap; Adjustable cinch strap for a custom fit; Each approx. 17"h. and weighs 44 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Don't leave home without these, order! Men's Itasca Rubber Ankle-fit 2,000 Gram Boots, Mossy Oak

From the moment its iconic exercise sandals hit the shelves in 1968, Dr. Scholl's has been a brand synonymous with comfortable footwear and healthy feet. Today, Dr. Scholl's offers footwear in a variety of fashionable styles that range from casual to elegant, to fun and funky. Dr. Scholl's continues its tradition of using the latest podiatric medicine and research to revolutionize the way Americans think of, and care for, their feet.	Feel like you're dancing on air in ultra-light Dr. Scholl's Women's Dance 2 Clogs! Surround your foot with softness, flexibility and lightweight comfort in this casual clog. The EVA midsole, covered with soft faux fur, offers cushioning and anatomical arch support that won't weigh you down. The EVA wedge outsole gives you a comfortable lift and has a traction pattern for steady steps. The polyurethane upper features a rounded toe, cut-out detail and a textured faux leather instep strap with an adjustable buckle, and it's lined with plush faux fur that feels oh-so-soft against the skin.

Sink into Softwalks patented eggcrate footbed and youll never want to take this sandal off. The Bolivia delivers superior comfort via pliable and fully adjustable leather straps, a soft suede lining and shock-absorbing inlaid rubber pods on the outsole. The silhouette is easy-breezy and takes you through your warmer-weather days with complete ped pampering. A gently sloping wedge heel adds height.	SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.

Martinez Valero represents fifty-five years of artisan shoe making, focusing on feminine, sexy, contemporary women's footwear. Designed in Spain under the direction of shoe designer Armando Fernandez, Martinez Valero reflects a beautiful combination of both classic and stylish footwear.

clint black leather 80

The weather may be unpredictable but the ToeWarmers Women Trek Ankle Boot embraces your foot with consistent warm comfort! This ladies ankle boot features the Warmtex footbed which radiates heat along with the cozy Milano lining that combine to provide warmth, and superior comfort as you walk while giving your feet a moisture free environment. Enjoy a flexible step thanks to the slip-resistant thermoplastic rubber outsole for a steady stride. Front lace offers an adjustable fit over the instep.

Women's Converse Steel Toe Mountain Moc Slip-Ons. Worksite protection with slip-on comfort. Check out these Converse Steel Toe Mountain Moc Slip-Ons

Delman is one of the oldest and most highly respected salon footwear brands in America. Founded in 1919 by Herman Delman, his signature footwear line quickly became synonymous with glamour, style, and quality, and they went on to be worn by Marlene Dietrich, Katherine Hepburn and Jackie Onassis. Marilyn Monroe was wearing her own Delman sandals in the infamous white dress picture. Delman is instantly recognized for their ballet flats, and each season they are updated with new styles and designs.

135724PRM09 Features

DR SCHOLL SUEDE SLIDE * UPPER--SUEDE* MIDSOLE--WOOD* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH 1" HEEL HEIGHT * IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $38.00NOW -

Leather upper, EVA midsole, solid rubber outsole.

Whether you're a hiking master, an outdoor enthusiast or just enjoy tromping around in the mud, you won't want to head out for your next backcountry adventure without these Asolo OM3453 717 Women's Stynger GTX Water-Resistant Hiking Boots underfoot. Part of Asolo's Energy line, these sleek orange and black mid-cut Hiking Shoes from Asolo will keep you easy on your feet in the great outdoors. Crafted with water-resistant suede and cordura uppers, they're highly durably and exceptionally comfortable. Not to mention water-resistant. Duo Asoflex outsoles deliver the all-terrain traction you need to traverse any condition or location. Asolo's Asoflex technology puts a supportive layer between your feet and the soles to help control torsion and stability while absorbing shock for less fatigue after a long haul. You'll find Gore Tex lining the inside of this pair of Asolo Boots. Gore-Tex works just like your skin, billons of tiny holes block water from entering while still allowing sweat to escape. That means added comfort as the material pulls perspiration out for drier wear and waterproofing you can count on in these hiking boots. No matter what your outdoor aspirations, you'll be glad to have these Asolo OM3453 717 Women's Stynger GTX Water-Resistant Hiking Boots along for the ride. To order, just click on the cart. We'll take care of the rest. Size Manufactured

Couture styling, this cut out peek toe slingback is a must have for any fashionable diva!  Featuring a unique cut out design and a slingback adjustable anklestrap style.  High imitation stacked heel for the extra height will make your legs look long and sexy!  Padded insole for comfort

Look, no laces! Make your next work boots these slide - on - easy Guide Gear Corral Work Wellingtons. SAVE BIG! Pull-on convenience and wellington-style comfort... now available in super-affordable Guide Gear Work Boots! There's nothing finer on a groggy morning than being able to slide these babies on without too much brain work. Late for dinner? Just kick 'em off and forget fiddling with muddy dirt-caked laces. And because they're my own design, offered directly from the factory, you SAVE big bucks! Comfort and quality in every pair

iglou pink suede 90

206337GRY475 Features

Full-grain leather or pigskin suede upper, EVA midsole, gum rubber outsole.

Row that stylish boat ashore! This Kiawah Bay shoe has an oiled leather upper with tonal lacing, and all of the comfort and durability that you know and love from Timberland.	Take a classic to the next level with the Timberland Kia Wah Bay. This men's boat shoe features a rich full grain leather upperwith a 360 rawhide lacing system for a customized fit. The handsewnvamp and heel lend durability and classic styling, while the EVA heelcup adds cushioned support. This Timberland boat shoe has hardware that is corrosion-resistant towithstand the elements. The durable siped and scuppered thermo-rubbersole gives you outstanding traction. Row that stylish boat ashore in the Timberland Kia Wah Bay!

Look Radiant while running, walking or cross-training. From Ryka, this shoe has a mesh upper for excellent ventilation, a sturdy lace-up front for custom fitting, and thickly padded linings that will hug every curve of your foot.	Walk, runand train in stylish comfort in the Ryka Radiant. This versatile women'straining shoe features heel stability and a natural forefoot flex that workswith your body's momentum. High-grade EVA foam and premium rubber create arebound system that provides maximum cushioning and energy return. Thefour-piece solid rubber outsole of this Ryka training shoe features balancedflex grooves for enhanced traction and flexibility. Sore feet will become adistant memory with the Ryka Radiant!

Quality craftsmanship highlights every aspect of this bag, the perfect complement to your sporty and casual styles. The fully lined bag features two roomy main compartments separated by a center zip pocket. A zippered inner wall pocket keeps small items from plunging to the bottom of the bag. The comfortable rolled handle is long enough for you to carry it as a shoulder bag. Dimensions are 13.25 in. L x 3.5 in. W x 10.75 in. H

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.	Deer Stags Nice Slip - ons. Inject some class back into your Slip-ons with these bright Deer Stags. All the casual comfort you've come to expect, dressed up to the nines and ready to impress! This style is being re-worked for next year, meaning you get a shot at this-year savings OFF the original shoe store price! Quality to last, from the folks at Deer Stags

The Reebok Vintage MSL baseball shoe is engineered to fit a woman's foot.

The key chains for the cat-lovers of the world!We have 22 kinds of Mini Animal key chains.Split Key Ring Diameter

Top of the range, high mileage training shoe offering cushioning, fit and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper with Scotchlite reflective material for night running safety and Achilles' Flex Notch. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with a medial post and a midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid(TM) system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC(TM) adds responsive forefoot cushioning. E.A.S. System to help properly guide and support the foot through the gait cycle. XT-900(TM) carbon rubber and XT-Lite outsole provides traction, durability, cushioning and flexibility, flex grooves, Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Weight 11.5 oz.

Step up your volleyball performance with the ASICS GEL 1100V. This high-performing volleyball shoe is engineered for club, high school and collegiate athletes who like the performance characteristics of a running shoe. Air mesh upper quickly dissipates heat within the shoe. NC Rubber outsole provides excellent traction on indoor court surfaces. SpEVA midsole efficiently processes energy for effective landing and jumping. GEL cushioning provides shock absorption. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Bearpaw's Rosina suede clogs are fashionable and comfortable.  The soft suede upper has a rounded, roomy toe and there's an adjustable side buckle.  The Rosina has a supportive midsole and a traction patterned outsole to make this shoe an everyday favorite!  The Rosina slide comes in a variety of funs colors and looks great with jeans, shorts, or a skirt!  Actual color may vary due to the inconsistencies in the process of dying and variations in natural products such as suede and sheepskin.  It is recommended to treat shoes with a water-proofing spray for suede products before wearing outdoors.  The Clausette's Shipping Information

Japanese for "pressure point," Tsubo is a design-driven company founded by British designers Nick O'Rorke and Patrick McNulty in July 1997. Tsubo is designed for the fashion conscious, comfort-driven individual who wants the highest-quality materials along with the highest-quality product. The soles are built with comfort in mind -- all of the styles have the unique cushion oval bubbles strategically placed on the sole at various pressure points of the foot for the highest amount of comfort. These bubbles not only provide comfort, but they also allow you to instantly recognize that these are Tsubo shoes.	Tsubo means "pressure point" in Japanese. What does that mean for you? TSUBO knows that style doesnt have to be uncomfortable. Designed with style and functionality in mind, the TSUBO line features products made of soft materials that flex in the right places. The TSUBO Bombyc is a perfect example. Constructed of full-grain leather and suede, this cutting-edge shoe is shaped like a foot to work with your stride. Dual-density polyurethane midsole features climate control air channels and perforations to keep your feet cool and dry at all times. Rubber outsole features rubber bubbles for shock absorption and skid resistance.

Premium full-grain leather and nubuck upper with mesh panels and padded collar, rustproof hardware, rubber lug outsole.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend right, high quality footwear. The men's Pisa tassel loafer is no exception. It features nappa and croc print leather construction, plus leather linings and sock linings, and a fully cushioned footbed.	Florsheim Mens Croco Loafer Casual Shoes

Waterproof nubuck upper. Rubber outsole. Made in China. 33.2 oz.

coyl black paris 95

Take to the field in rugged, WATERPROOF Browning Kangaroo Boots with GORE-TEX and Thinsulate. Serious Boots for serious hunters. There isn't a better pair of boots out there. Tough as heck, totally waterproof with GORE-TEX bootie, superior comfort... they have it all, including 200 gram Thinsulate insulation to help keep the chills at bay. Made with kangaroo leather uppers for the ultimate in rugged durability. These are the choice of serious hunters, and for good reason. More

Simply the standard, Florsheims Berkley penny loafer is a must-have part of your footwear collection. Paired with workday suiting or alongside khakis, no socks, this slip-on is a fashion warrior that always looks great and is never out of place. Its buffed leather has great finish, a leather outsole lends refinement, and a rubber-enforced heel adds durability and tames heel strikes for greater comfort.	The Berkley beef-roll penny loafer is made with a genuine handsewn moccasin construction, and features a leather upper and a durable leather sole. Non-metal shank - Airport friendly.

cult 26011 wrd 8.5

Shred it up like pro skater Kenny Reed with his pro model skate shoe from Ipath. Durable leather and canvas offers distinct style. Polyurethane outsole provides increased traction and board control.

Hunter approved Wolverine Bison Boots... * GORE-TEX waterproof / breathable * Your choice of Camo * PRICED LESS! Made to haul! It's time to tell Santa you want new Hunting Boots by famous Wolverine. Toss those old worn-out leakers for these comfortable waterproof beauts. And save yourself cool cash, due to my volume buy arrangement. Pick yours with or without insulation and choice of licensed camo. Both styles feature

The New Balance 8515 is an innovative cushioning shoe developed for athletes seeking a supportive cross trainer and a responsive ride. Synthetic and mesh upper is lightweight and supportive. NB Zip responsive cushioning technology in the heel is supported by strategically located, shock-absorbing struts. ABZORB SBS in the forefoot offers maximum shock absorption. ACTEVA Lite CMEVA midsole adds cushioning and flexibility. N-durance rubber compound outsole provides maximum durability in high-wear areas.  Wt. 13.5 oz.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Minnetonka Moccasins Front Lace Boots... tall on style and comfort! Sometimes you want to make a statement. These Boots are just the ticket... over 16" tall! And check out the features

A high mileage trainer, the ASICS GEL-Kayano X yields the very best blend of cushioning and stability through the I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System), which directs the foot from heel to toe, allowing for a more natural gait. Designed for the runner who has a medium to large frame and medium to low arches, this shoe features a SpEVA midsole that reduces shock and adds durability as well as visible rearfoot  and forefoot "twist" GEL Cushioning Systems for maximum shock reduction. The dual-density DuoTruss System links the forefoot and rearfoot for added support. DuoMax medial post offers stability and shores the midfoot. Synthetic leather upper with open air mesh. PHF (Personalized Heel Fit) memory foam-lined heel collar molds to the heel. Biomorphic Fit upper provides superior fit and function. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral flex grooves add stability and flexibility. Weight 11.2 oz.

The KATHY Van Zeeland Lip Locked Satchel features a scale-patterned finish that delivers a big dose of glamour. Featuring zippered end pockets and a spacious interior with a back-wall zipper pocket to keep you organized, this bag has room for all your essentials and then some. Grab the twin top straps of this satchel the next time you want to add an exclamation mark to your evening out.	KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.

Icon Field Armor Chukka Boots The Icon Field Armor Chukka Boot features a low profile quality leather chassis, which provides support protectionBreathable mesh insertsInjection molded plastic toe heel armorRubber shifter interface panelMid-foot buckle for an ultra secure fitStreet-riding specific soleView the MotorcycleUSA.com review of the Icon Field Armor Chukka Boots here Icon Field Armor Chukka Boots Review

Shoes by AdidasGreat for Basketball

The New Balance 450 is a lightweight and supportive plate umpire shoe. It offers both a steel toe and a reinforced lace flap for superior foot protection for the umpire behind the plate. Please note

These stylish handbags are a must for anyone who enjoys having the essential necessities courtside. Just the right size to hold your keys, phone, sunblock and more ... an easy to carry handle or detachable shoulder strap keep you moving without weighting you down. Item

Healthy heels for active women. Oh! has developed, professionally endorsed, patented technology proven to improve foot health by significantly reducing the painful stress and impact which has been long associated with wearing heels.

Sporty, retro styling and bold colors make the Puma Anjan a must-have casual shoe. Mesh upper and soft, rich, vintage suede overlays provide breathable comfort and classic '70's style. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Rubber outsole provides dependable traction.

Pewter-based sterling silver.

The Nike Air Rival golf shoes are sure to improve your game! They are designed for driving and distance control and are lightweight for comfort and the perfect fit. The shoes feature synthetic leather uppers, TPU spikes for optimal traction, enhanced ergonomic flex, visible heel air sole, lace up closure, and are also waterproof. Style

It began during the 70's in New York City with those who lived, breathed and instinctively chose the city itself as their route of life. Within NYC's miles of streets running east to west and avenues stretching north to south, there is a colorful weave of world heritage, flavored influence and people who each see it differently. Eventually, there was an allurement amongst a few who funneled their creative energy into a movement known as the Soul Artists of Zoo York. Germinating from Riverside Park on the upper west side of Manhattan, this crew built a scene in the north east based on exploring the city with aerosol cans, wheels and the need for freeness in the street. During the 80's Zoo York was purely a phrase repping NYC's underground what we today have categorized into graffiti, skating, punk, hip hop and their influenced off shoots. By the time the 90's came around the name Zoo York became a network of skaters who lived by New York's evolving hip-hop and graffiti scene kicking off the design and mfg. of relevant product. Today, the Company's continually growing Zoo Crew includes original NYC graffiti artists, new and old school skateboarders, as well as talent from the worlds of BMX, motocross, surfing and snowboarding. The product line is still a hybrid of military and urban athletic with ties to hip-hop, punk and heritage displays of city imagery.

If you are looking for a tall boot 16-17" and a sleeker look than the Sundance this is the boot for you. Boots can be pulled up straight or folded down as pictured. A wider opening makes it easier to tuck in pants!

The women's Adilette slide from adidas features a 1-piece polyurethane upper with 3-Stripes branding. The polyurethane outsole and contoured orthopedic footbed help provide comfort and durability.

Reef is surf. They're inspired by water, by the ocean, by perfect waves, and the journey along the way to find them. They are a genuine, global surf brand that harvests the best of the lifestyle and shares it through authentic, innovative and fashionable product. At the core of Reef is their Latin roots and the inherent sensuality of the beach. The Reef team is committed to having fun in and out of the water, as well as giving back to the world that inspires them.

Soft, garment leather upper. Ankle strap for better fit. Molded sockliner and midsole. Abrasive rubber outsole for traction and durability.

A young cowboy and cowgirl tradition. A western boot with a silver toe tip. Semi round toe and injection molded sole assures comfort and durability. These boots will bring a smile to your youngster''s face. Best western boots in the industry.

Padded double shoulder strap with 11 1/2 -Materials

Vaneli's Ranit pumps are chic and simple. Featuring smooth leather uppers with elastic cross-banded detailing across the vamps, these low-heeled pumps provide a stylish update to the basic pump. Wear your Ranit pumps with your favorite capri trousers and tiny, cap-sleeved blouse for a super chic look.	Vaneli's Ranit pumps are chic and simple. Featuring smooth leather uppers with elastic cross-banded detailing across the vamps, these low-heeled pumps provide a stylish update to the basic pump. Wear your Ranit pumps with your favorite capri trousers and tiny, cap-sleeved blouse for a super chic look.

Classic styling with the comforts you expect in a modern shoe. Soft suede upper with a lightweight EVA midsole and durable solid rubber outsole.

Step out in chic style with this strappy ankle boot from Naya. The Virtue features a burnished leather upper with dual buckled straps at the shaft and a ruched toe. Beneath, a stacked heel adds height, while the manmade sole ensures a steady stride this season.	Enjoy the day in the women's Naya Virtue high heel ankle boot with confidence. This women's biker boot is set in rich soft leathers, a hand burnished and pleated vamp and crafted with a padded comfort system with arch support for comfort and breathability. Epitomize vintage chic in the Naya Virtue!

The adidas F30.6 Indoor is a  light soccer shoe with glove-like fit and a split outsole. Its soft, synthetic upper offers a snug fit and large, uniform kicking surface. TraXion provides ultimate grip. Innovative lace cover adds optimal fit and increased kicking area. Slip-in, sock-like construction offers an enhanced fit. Synthetic leather upper adds light weight and durability. Pre-molded EVA midsole with adiPRENE insert delivers optimized comfort and cushioning. Non-marking outsole for use on polished indoor surfaces.

Leather foot and shaft, Unlined, Taped Side Seams, Comfort Core Insole, Oil and Fuel-Resistant Carbo-Tec Mini-Lug Outsole

Men's Converse Steel Toe Suede Leather Retro Joggers. A retro look with quality, comfort and protection you wouldn't expect from such stylish Shoes. Don't compromise on looks or protection. Get these Converse Steel Toe Suede Leather Retro Joggers

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Men's Columbia Cougar Ridge WATERPROOF Hikers. Say "sayonara" to soggy feet! Discontinued style means a SUPER STEAL on fantastic footwear! You never know where that nature trail is going to take you... which is why it's great to have a boot that prepares you for just about anything! The Cougar Ridge by Columbia is made with waterproof full-grain suede leather and mesh uppers to keep out water from the outside, while the mesh lining wicks away moisture from the inside! That means your feet are dry and ready to go that extra mile! You'll have no troubles hoofing it over rocky terrain either... OmniGrip rubber outsole gives you sure-footed traction and the shock-absorbing removable EVA insole serves up cushy protection for your adventurous feet! Columbia + The Guide = Happy trails to you

Saxon Equileather paddock boots are an all weather, washable, low maintenance boot,with a traditional leather look.The Thermo Plastic Resign (TRP) sole provides maximum durabilityand is long lasting. Steel shank provides additional support. Updated last provides more room in the toe cap area for a more comfortable fit. A Very Affordable paddock boot for your child.

opas black leather 70

These featherlite openback klogs slip on in a flash taking you from the garden to the grocery store in no time flat.

#66102  Hunt for the Goal with the +Predator Absolion TRX FG Boot from adidas

Wrapped midsole gives extra support to forefoot while making sharp cuts to the hoop. Molded quarters add reinforcement and provide exceptional stability and ankle support, molded sockliner adds support to the arch and adds cushioning. Outsole designed to be lightweight, flexible and absorb shock, internal shank in arch area offers responsive support. Wt. 16 oz.

Get a little daring in the Darring. This elegant pointed-toe pump from Steve Madden has a sleek, tailored silhouette and comes in a range of fabulous colors, including a multi-color version that sparkles with colorful overlapping sequins. It has a cushioned insole for comfort and finishes with an alluring sculpted high heel. About Steve Madden    Steve Madden the company was founded by Steve Madden the man in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one at a time. It was not too soon after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" led the company to raves from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends. Today, Steve Madden is especially known for sky-high platforms that elevate cuties' shapely legs to Barbie-esque. The shoemaker's line also includes boots, booties, sandals, casuals, evening shoes, and even slippers geared for the young at heart, plus a line of footwear with a more elegant flair, branded Steven.	This is style Darring in a stunning bronze color from Steve Madden's fashionable shoe collection. It features a sophisticated pointed toe and an attractive heel of approximately 3.25 inches. All styles are brand new and come with the original box.

Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.	These Giorgio Brutini Calloway men's dress boots offer European style for the modern man. This men's ankle boot is wrapped in a sleek leather upper with a pointed toe and a Cuban heel for contemporary European style. This dress boot for men zips on easily with a full interior side zipper and the leather outsole adds to this boot's dressy look.

This high-performance, cushioned trainer features a seamless breathable air mesh upper. HF welding adds stability, while the innovative external heel counter provides extra mid to rear foot stability. The FilaFlow foot ventilation system offers lighter and cooler running, while the high performance Fila 3000 EVA and Fila Performance footbed add comfort. Evergrind(TM) rubber in the rearfoot increases abrasion resistance and Evergrind(TM) and blown rubber in the forefoot deliver extra cushioning, traction and durability. The innovative outsole design provides grip on all terrains and weather conditions, while the external shank adds midfoot support and flexible grooves across the forefoot allow for easier foot flex and a more natural roll. Weight 12.1 oz.

Get the classic tough-as-nails jungle boot sole... SAVINGS PRICED! If you love the durability of the Army's original jungle boot sole, this is for you. Made by DOD-approved maker Altama, these boots have the Army's original-issue one-piece rubber sole... it just keeps wearing and wearing. Have a look

BCBGirls offers sophisticated styles in both leather and non-leather fabrications to fit every mood and occasion for our fashionable customers. This wide selection of handbags provides the modern woman choices for her everyday wardrobe.

The adidas 1.1 B is the first basketball shoe with intelligent cushioning. The higher intelligence level 1.1 makes the shoe better, stronger and faster. A magnetic sensor in the heel measures the impact every time your foot hits the court. A microprocessor then analyzes the info it receives from the sensor to figure out the amount of cushioning needed at that moment. A motor-driven cable system then adjusts the tension of a cushioning cylinder to achieve the perfect cushioning level. Synthetic upper with mesh tongue, speed-lacing system and padded ankle. Ventilation holes add breathability. Non-marking rubber outsole.

Hodgman Wadelite Breathable Bootfoot Waders with Felt Soles. These puppies give you the "whole shebang"... Bootfoot Waders are sized just like other boots you wear! Hodgman is famous for quality, and these are a perfect example! All Wadelite Bootfoot Waders have felt soles for smooth wading. Plus, there's Thinsulate in the bootfoot, along with wool felt to keep the cold at bay! The Goods

You sweat and pound on the court. Let your feet relax off the court in the Rider Pivot sandal. Adjustable Velcro upper allows maximum airflow and breathable comfort. Fully pliable EVA outsole with points-of-impact for shock absorption.

For something fresh, try the Saucony Shadow 6000 women's retro shoes. There are some things in life that are meant to stand out. A lot of times, those people and items are awarded for their uniqueness, and today we encourage you to award yourself. The Saucony Shadow 6000 women's retro shoes are like a champion ribbon for your feet. Hey, we know you work hard and play just as hard, if not harder.You're the gal whose friends rely on for advice, and look to for enlightenment in time of duress. Maybe you're in school, and you study your backside off to stay on top. Perhaps you're a business woman, swinging for the fences and bringing in home runs every day. Of course, you could be a lucky slacker, who just happened to find your niche in society and likes to wear cool shoes. Kudos to you if that fits your bill. Whatever the case, the Saucony Shadow 6000 women's retro shoes are a very unique way to express your dress. You're a superstar, so put some on your feet!

Though it's adidas' smallest Santiago team bag, it's still roomy enough for all your training gear and then some. Its spacious main compartment will never leave you wanting extra storage on your way to the gym, practice, or the game. This is a perfect bag for recreational and serious athletes alike.	adidas is a name that stands for excellence in all sectors of sport around the globe. The vision of company founder Adolf Dassler has become a reality, and his corporate philosophy has been the guiding principle for successor generations. The idea was as simple as it was brilliant

The Reebok NFL All Out Speed Low M2 football shoe features a super lightweight synthetic leather upper that requires little break-in. Two-piece upper and seamless forefoot construction is minimalistic, comfortable and lightweight. Gryptonite anti-slip inner heel coating adds excellent heel locking. Soft mesh tongue with thick foam padding provides comfort and breathability to the top of the foot. Soft textile collar lining with thick foam padding adds comfort around the heel and ankle. NFL lining package helps prevent stretching, giving consistent fit. NFL Equipment molded EVA sockliner with ETC top cover and Poron inserts delivers great comfort, top cover reduces friction/heat build up. Molded TPU plate with ideal cleat placement. Wt. 11.0 oz.

The first signature shoe for Chris Webber from Dada. Lateral injected quarters add ventilation and provide exceptional stability, molded heel area increases stability and motion control. Double-lasted midsole gives extra support and allows flexibility. Herringbone pattern outsole with flex groove and low profile wrap around toe guard offers traction and added protection. Wt. 14.4 oz.

The Dockers brand is the quintessential source for casual, authentic and stylish apparel and footwear. The brand continues to expand its offerings to provide men and women with clothes and accessories that offer versatility for an on-the-go lifestyle. Dockers khakis were first introduced in 1986 as the casual alternative to jeans and dress pants. The line has since expanded from men's casual pants to a broad range of apparel and accessories for men and women in more than 50 countries in every region of the world.	Men's Dockers Manhattan Dress Shoes. Look as slick as those high-class wall street stockbrokers with an average Joe's paycheck. These Dockers look great and keep you comfortable for a low Bargain Outfitter price

Men's Roper Suede Leather Slip-On Shoes... your feet will thank you for wearing these! No doubt about it, man... these could easily be the most comfortable Shoes you ever wear! They're equally at home at home, at work or on the ranch or farm. With these in your "Roper collection" you'll know your feet will have unmatched pampering. Twin gore construction lets you don them and get out of them fast. Give us a call and get them on their way ...we'll ship them promptly with an added bonus... our 100% assurance of your satisfaction! Ah-h-h-h what a great feeling! 100% distressed pressed suede leather uppers; EVA cushioned insole for comfort and support; Full leather lining; Forged steel shank for excellent support and stability; Flexible rubber outsole; Each is approx. 4 1/4" h., 22 ozs. State Color and Size. Order your pair today! Men's Roper Suede Leather Slip-On Shoes

5 inch Chunky Heel Mary Jane Women's Size Shoe.

Here's a sophisticated peep pump that never goes out of style. Charles by Charles David presents this chic, sophisticated design with a daring wooden stacked heel.	Launched in January 2004, the Charles by Charles David line is designed for the woman who demands fashion and style at an appealing price. The variety of styles -- pumps, kitten heels, evening sandals, wedges and boots -- make this a versatile line of shoes ideal for a casual weekend, a night out or a boardroom business meeting. Unique fabrications and constructions such as padded insoles and flex sole bottoms make them especially comfortable. Charles by Charles David is available in Charles David retail stores as well as select department and specialty stores nationwide.

360-degrees of cool comfort sets this lightweight running shoe from adidas apart. Beyond the fresh look and supportive fit, its ClimaCool design will help keep your feet cool, dry and comfortable all run long. Air mesh upper provides maximum ventilation. Injected EVA midsole adds long-term lightweight cushioning. adiPRENE under the heel gives superior cushioning at impact. adiWEAR outsole offers the ultimate in high-wear durability. Wt. 11.2 oz.

The Arturo line of quality footwear is designed with the finest leathers and materials from around the world. The collection features exceptionally soft leather linings and superbly padded insoles, providing superior comfort and fit. The footwear is uniquely designed at a studio in the Marche region of Italy, and manufactured in the rolling hills of Rio Grande De Sul in Brazil. Arturo Chiang combines world-renowned design and unparalleled quality with affordable luxury and a commitment to offer a superior footwear experience.

HANDCRAFTED Siberian Boots... BIG BUCKS OFF! Handcrafted in Siberia, that Russian "hot spot"! 100% natural Central Asian sheep's wool; Warmth, comfort and trend-setting style; Boot cocoons the foot and lower leg in up to a half-inch of dense felted wool; Uses wool shorn from sheep and an age-old process requiring no chemicals, dyes or glue; Approx. 13 1/2" h., 41 ozs. State Full Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order this cool deal ONLINE now! AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

The men's Engineer 8R boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude but exudes pure style. This attractive pull-on boot has a oiled leather upper with brushed silver hardware, two adjustable buckle details for a custom fit, neoprene oil resistant soles with a full-length leather midsole for maximum comfort and durability, and a cushioned insole for additional comfort. Made in USA.	Our short Engineer Boot features adjustable buckled straps at the top of the angled shaft and across the vamp. The classic design includes a rounded toe, cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, subtly contoured stacked leather heel with rubber heel lift, and durable Goodyear welt construction. Made in the USA

Birko-Flor or Birkibuc upper, contoured cork footbed with suede liner, EVA sole, rubber outsole.    European Size 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43    U.S. Size (wms) 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12

4.5 inch Metallic Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Ankle Strap and Rhinestones.

Electrify your look in this sexy knee-high boot from Pleaser. Its platform and flared heel present a flirtatious vibe, but it also has a stretchy faux leather upper and full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	As the ultimate go-to name in sexy shoes, Pleaser has become the standard all others are judged by. Attention to detail, superb craftsmanship, fine materials and innovative designs contribute to Pleaser's reputation among sexy shoe aficionados and professional performers alike. Synonymous with sex appeal, Pleaser shoes have graced the covers and editorials of countless fashion magazines and are featured in numerous Hollywood movies and television shows. The knee high ELECTRA-2000Z gogo boots (previously known as Cha Cha) feature a 5" heel with a 1 1/2" platform, stretch faux leather or faux patent leather uppers with a full inner side zipper. Sizes are in Womens. To convert to Mens, go down two sizes. For example, a Womens size 12 is equivalent to a Mens size 10.

With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., Cole Haan is one of America's premier luxury brands. Founded in 1928 as collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, Cole Haan epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, Cole Haan was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Cole Haan brings that heritage to all of its products, including men's and women's dress and casual footwear, belts, hosiery, handbags, small leather goods, outerwear and sunglasses.

The ASICS GT-2110 running shoe will continue to provide the cushioning, support and overall comfort that fans of the 2000 series have come to expect. Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) utilizes linked componentry to enhance the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. DuoMax medial post helps ensure that the shoe maintains proper support for the foot during transition from mid-stance to propulsion. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems. SpEVA midsole provides superior shock attenuation along with a cushioned ride and enhanced durability. Space Trusstic System allows for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. Wt. 9.8 oz.

If you want to go honky-tonking or just strut around in style, the western-inspired suede Athena high boot from Apepazza is a perfect fit for all. This striking boot has solid leather trim, contrast stitching, an oversized buckle and O-ring detail, round toe, stacked heel, full side zipper closure, cushioned insole, and a textured outsole. The Athena will be the hottest "go-to" item in your casual wardrobe.	A wildly successful brand in Europe, Apepazza made its American debut in 2005. Founded in 1983 in Padova, Italy, Apepazza is famous for its unusual materials, international influences and precise attention to details. Sophisticated, eclectic and original, Apepazza is designed and made for the fashion-creative woman with a keen sense of individual style. Never a follower, the Apepazza woman is master and creator of her own image.

As the concrete pours off the truck and into the hole for the new sidewalk and your mind wanders to your plans for the night, you can feel confident that your boots will keep working even when you are not paying attention. Wolverine 5065 Steel-Toe Wheat Waterproof Lace-Up Work Boots are functional, practical, durable, safe, and comfortable- all the time. The wheat-colored Nubuck leather uppers are waterproof and very tough and durable to last you for a very long time. The PK mesh lining is a durable fabric that allows air to move through for less moisture retention. The removable cushion insole and polyurethane midsole will cushion and rest your feet so that at the end of the day you don't feel so tired. In addition to being comfortable, these boots are safety enhanced for your protection. The steel toe provides impact resistance up to 75 pounds and compression resistance up to 2500 pounds. The electrical hazard rating protects you from open circuits and shocks on the job. The cement construction means that you won't have to worry about these boots falling apart on you. The rubber lug outsoles are non-marking, oil-, and slip-resistant for durability and traction. Plan ahead to be protected and comfortable by ordering a pair of Wolverine 5065 Steel-Toe Wheat Waterproof Lace-Up Work Boots today. You'll be happy you chose these comfortable, durable, practical, and safe boots for work boots. Comfort and quality like this can also be found in brown as the 5066 or with a soft toe as 5067. Sizes Manufactured

From the beach scene to mountain streams, the Venice sport sandal from KEEN adapts to your surroundings. Providing exceptional traction on mixed terrain, this performance sandal includes an open strapping system for outstanding ventilation. A streamlined, grippy outsole gives you a lighter ride from surf contest to trailhead.	Seek an uncharted course in the Venice sport-sandal from Keen. Siped rubber outsole channels water away for secure and stable footing. Aegis Microbe ShieldTM creates an anti-bacterial barrier for a fresh interior environment. Patented toe protector provides the confidence to let your outdoor adrenaline take hold.

The Go Wallet from Shoewallet Active Gear is a simple product that provides a ton of value for under $10. This wallet securely carries your cash, keys, ID, credit cards, hotel keys while you're on the go either securely to your shoe (undetectable to the user, even when full) or easily carry in a pocket or purse.

Extra, Extra Wide Womens Slippers accommodate even the most swollen feet in fabulous comfort. The wide opening has Easy Touch closure. Skid-resistant soles. Memory foam insoles for the ultimate in comfort! Anti-bacterial to control odour and stains. Terrific for those with arthritis or lowered hand dexterity.

The quilting on the Waltz slipper from Foamtreads will wrap your feet in warmth and luxury. The elastic panel on the vamp adds extra comfort and the rubber outsole allows for versatile indoor and outdoor use.	Tread ever so softly on this Foamtreads Women's Waltz Indoor / Outdoor Slipper. Don't sacrifice foot comfort or protection

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.	Comfort rated by Sorel to -40F, the Blizzard Snow Boot kicks up the calf coverage without weighing you down with a bunch of bulk. The weight savings comes from the highly water resistant 600-denier RipStorm nylon, a fabric design that keeps your feet completely dry unless you're standing around in slush puddles for several hours. Inside the Blizzard Snow Boot is a warm felt InnerBoot lining made from recycled material. After a few days of hard work or play, remove the liner for a spin in the washing machine and these boots will smell like thermal rubber again. Up top you'll find a barrel lock closure that cinches down the fit around your calf, minimizing spindrift and moisture penetration throughout the day.

You're loyal to your Birkenstocks for the comfort they offer, but it's time to trade up. The Gizeh features the same ahhh-eliciting sole with a simple, thong-strapped design that adds a fashionable new twist to a reliable favorite.	You'll love the colors and comfort of this classic Birkenstock style, the Birkenstock Gizeh Birko-flor. This women's thong sandal is set in a Birko-Flor upper, a unique material made of acrylic and polyamide felt fibers, a soft fabric with a smooth leather-like finish. Whether you are looking for color or shine for your Birkenstock sandal, you can count on the original Birkenstock footbed of sustainable cork, featuring pronounced arch support, a deep heel cup and a roomy toe box and covered with a suede liner. The footbed molds and shapes to your foot for unparalleled comfort. A true classic and icon of relaxed summer style, you'll love the Birkenstock Gizeh Birok-Flor.Click here to watch our very own Blair video review the Birkenstock Gizeh Birko-Flor for the Planetshoes.com blog!

Get in on the craze for mary janes with the Twinkle from Clarks' Artisan Collection.   Not only will it keep you fashionably up-to-date, but it'll also keep you completely   comfortable. Its thickly padded insole (with extra padding at the heel), and cushiony, manmade   outsole will really do the trick.	From its humble beginnings in 1825 in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity, and individual style has remained unchanged throughout the centuries.

Tignanello searches the world over to find, and develop high quality leather that will enhance the functional styling for which they are known, producing a product that is all leather on the outside, complemented with appropriate hardware and ornamentation. Each bag is designed with special attention to how it will be used, with ample pockets and compartments. Since a well treated leather handbag can last indefinitely, quality of materials and construction combined with reasonable pricing give the best value available. With classic designs, you may even find yourself passing your Tignanello bags to the next generation. The One Touch and Casual leather collections have natural finishes, so no flaws are hidden. Therefore, the best quality hides must be used. All bags are designed with the customer in mind with special attention to detail creating a stylish handbag that opens well, handles properly.	Amazon.com Product Description	A classically beautiful tote, the Tignanello Newport features the signature pebble leather in a soft color. Double rolled handles adjust to the perfect shoulder drop with two silver buckles for each. Open up the magnetic snap top closure with ease and slip your valuables into the zipper pocket. Lined with a leather-trimmed fabric, the metal feet on the bottom protect the bag when you set it down. For a refined flair, match the Newport with your favorite tailored slacks and sheer blouse.		From the Manufacturer	Tignanello searches the world over to find, and develop high quality leather that will enhance the functional styling for which they are known, producing a product that is all leather on the outside, complemented with appropriate hardware and ornamentation. Each bag is designed with special attention to how it will be used, with ample pockets and compartments. Since a well treated leather handbag can last indefinitely, quality of materials and construction combined with reasonable pricing give the best value available. With classic designs, you may even find yourself passing your Tignanello bags to the next generation. The One Touch and Casual leather collections have natural finishes, so no flaws are hidden. Therefore, the best quality hides must be used. All bags are designed with the customer in mind with special attention to detail creating a stylish handbag that opens well, handles properly.

The Adidas Superstar1 shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Soho Lab is a division of SKECHERS USA, Inc., -- an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry, designs, develops and markets high-quality lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children.

Warning

Soft sueded leather upper, elastic top  heel straps.Adult fitting is in women sizes

Tretorn is casually refined and stylishly understated. Established by Henry Dunker in Helsingborg, Sweden at the end of the 19th century, Tretorn takes inspiration from its Scandinavian roots and carries this vitality of spirit throughout its collection. Tretorn's expertise in rubber-made products demonstrates a consistent commitment to quality and brand over hype, offering a collection most appreciated by those with a practical sensibility and a lifestyle largely enjoyed outside.

Take your casual wardrobe to the next level with this oxford from Nunn Bush. The Prosper takes a modern twist on a classic style with a stitched leather upper that radiates casual cool. Beneath, a grippy manmade sole makes for a steady step, so you can focus on putting your best foot forward this season.	Live long in the Nunn Bush Prosper athletic shoe. Sporty and classic, this men's athletic shoe has a durable smooth or tumbled leather upper for long life. A mesh lining encourages breathability as your activity level increases. The Comfort Gel footbed and dual-density KORE technology midsole join forces to promote a natural stride. The Nunn Bush Prosper sneaker is finished with a shock-absorbing, slip-resistant synthetic outsole to add bounce and energy return to every step.

Leather upper, rubber outsole and toe cap.

Reef's top-selling women's sandal! * Reference-ID

Waterproof Carolina Steel Toe Back to Basics Core Hikers. They cover the basics and then some. Protection from slipping, oil, metal chips, heat, abrasion and chemicals. Waterproof. Steel toe protection. Steel shank support. Loads of comfort. And more

A great casual shoe that's never gone out of style, this classic Oxford from  Johnston & Murphy looks great with everything from jeans to khakis to corduroys. The  upper is a combination of leather and brushed suede, accented with fine stitching and  perforated details. The Durst features a durable cement construction that is both  lightweight and flexible, and the thick rubber sole offers extra shock absorption.	The classic saddle of our five-eyelet oxford asserts its pedigree with liberal perforations. Oiled leather upper. Leather-lined, with a cushioned latex insert, leather/rubber sole and rubber heel.

Fast design developed on a women's last for improved fit. Adjustable PVC strap with hook-and-loop closure. Unique massage footbed with EVA outsole.

iglou brown suede 50

Scrusher Shoe Scrapers clean your entire shoe "both sides and bottom. Eliminate dirt, mud, grime, and snow from entering your facility. Side bristles are constructed of soft poly that wont scratch your shoes. Bottom bristles are made of stiff nylon that thoroughly cleans the soles. Steel base has rubber stops that protect floors and prevent unit from slipping. Deluxe model has three sets of brushes on the bottom. Black finish with maple trim; black base. 5-year warranty on steel frame.

Total Tote with adjustable elastic bands and zippered take-away, see-through pouch. Full size zippered side panels allow access to interior storage. Remove the center wall with it's male velcro to utilize as a knitting or crochet bag.

#661151  Get Absolute Control and Comfort when you lace into the +Absolado TRX Boot from adidas

If you're looking for a rough-and-tumble running shoe for dirt trails, this Energy Downforce shoe from Skechers is a solid bet. From the leather upper to the snug-lacing, this is a shoe for the smart runner. The EVA midsole provides great shock absorption and the tough-minded rubber outsole offers excellent traction on any surface. It's the new look of athletic shoes--rugged.	Take 'em down in SKECHERS EnergyDownforce sneaker. Scuff resistant leather upper in a sport casual sneaker with stitch and overlay accents, toe bumper and lace up front. Padded collar and tongue Smooth fabric shoe lining Cushioned insole Shock absorbing midsole Flexible traction outsole Medium width

Steve Madden, the footwear fashion mogul of the 21st century, has immersed his company into virtually every aspect of the fashion industry. With his primary success and initial endeavor as a shoe designer, he has now expanded into other accessories such as handbags, belts, socks, dresses, watches and outerwear. Steve Madden first made his mark over a decade ago with the now infamous chunky, clunky shoe designed for young women. The first Steve Madden shoes spoke to a young woman's independence and today it speaks to that same "grown up" woman. As the Madden girl has matured and evolved, so has the brand. Today the Steve Madden brand, which also includes the sophisticated Steven by Steve Madden line, represents a lifestyle. It is about embracing fashion, style and color while still maintaining that funky independence that first defined the brand 15 years ago.

With its rugged outsole and bicycle toe style, the Mapleton is the ideal everyday shoe. This oxford from Allen Edmonds features attractive contrast stitching along the leather upper and a cushioned insole provides a comfy fit.	Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes are carefully crafted by hand in a process that includes 212 separate production steps. No detail is too small, because supreme quality is the cornerstone of the Allen-Edmonds name.

The Espresso bicycle-toe oxford from Bostonian is a permanent classic with perpetual good looks. Its soft leather upper and lightweight polyurethane outsole are durable and attractive and the 2-Pod comfort footbed with additional padding in key strike points to absorb pressure in the ball and heel of the foot.	Complement your impressive demeanor with the Bostonian Espresso oxford. Full grain leather transforms easily for casual to dressyoccasions. The lightweight polyurethane sole gives this men's dress shoe flexibility forafter-hours enjoyment. A padded collar allows for comfort and all-day wear. Ortholite polyurethane foam helps wick away moisture and absorb odor. A removable, 2Pod technology footbed has 2 pods of cushioning placedunder the foot where it needs it the most; the heel and the ball. A steel shank in this Bostonian oxford provides added stability to ease your walking motion. Get your shoe fix with the Bostonian Espresso!

These suede lace-up ankle boots will be the talk of the town. With thick, ridged rubber soles and padded insole for comfort, the Dublin II is a hip fit for the streets or outdoors.	For a casual shoe that you can really get into, the SAO Dublin II mid shoes are an excellent choice. This stylish mens shoe has a chukka-like design with simple laces, a rugged rubber outsole, and suede uppers for a soft yet strong form. There's plenty to enjoy here, so isn't it time you started?

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Sophisticated open-toe sandal with an adjustable slingback strap and sequin-studded wedge.Approx. heel height

A lightweight supportive walking shoe for fast-paced fitness walking. Leather/mesh upper. ABZORB in heel and forefoot provides maximum shock absorption while the medial EVA post prevents overpronation. Lightweight CMEVA midsole gives you cushioning and flexibility. Outsole is designed to stabilize the foot through the walking gait cycle and is made of a solid rubber that provides long-wearing durability. Wt. 10.6 oz.

She'll do more than just tug at your heart strings when wearing the Christine Jr. dress shoe from Stride Rite, she'll down right have a strong pull. This lovely little shoe has a smooth leather upper with tonal stitching, a sweet little bow accent on the vamp, and an adjustable ankle strap with a round buckle closure. It also features soft linings, an ultra-cushioned insole with Stride Rite's Natural Motion System, and a lightly textured dress outsole for sure footing and balance. She'll want to play dress up every day with the Christine!	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Brand and Style - STEVE MADDENSerpant    Size - 16    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - White    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways - pinpointing the must have looks of the season translating what is fun, hip and of the moment. It is trend right handbags that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

For every action... Reaction Kenneth Cole. The youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole, Reaction is fashion inspired by technology, music and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable handbags, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction.

Take your classic thong with a side of glamour and you'll get just what you need with the Diana from NaNa. This flashy sandal has a lightly pebbled leather upper with a polished silver buckle detail, a low covered heel, and a knobby rubber outsole for premium traction. Dress up your casual look with the Diana!	NaNa shoes have been sold all over the world for over 18 years.  NaNa footwear designs their shoes based on high end designer fashion trends using only the best European leathers.

fiestey red leather 65

Built on the same lightweight platform as the Grid Propel RD, the Saucony Grid Propel TR trail running shoe caters to the runner who wants to head off-road. Grid Propel Technology provides the perfect blend of shock attenuation and maximum deflection on impact. The lightweight CMEVA midsole cradles the foot through the gait cycle, a midfoot support bridge provides torsional rigidity. An aggressive triangular lug outsole offers the necessary traction underfoot, while the combination mesh/synthetic upper locks down your foot and fends off any unwanted debris. Wt. 9.8 oz.

The Lugz brand came into the world in October of 1993. Endorsed by key players from the hip-hop world, Lugz was immediately granted the image it's known by today. Lugz product is aggressively styled using the highest quality materials for maximum durability and superior comfort. Lugz footwear features premium leathers and durable construction. Today, Lugz has expanded beyond boots, to add casual shoes, sandals and athletic footwear to the mix.	Strutt is a classic Lugz casual street wear boot featuring padded ankle cushion and durable lug outsole.

The Zephz kids' Wide Traxx soccer cleat is designed for athletes with a wider foot. It showcases a new rubber sole design the combines blade cleats with a smaller turf cleat for traction on all surfaces. The synthetic upper provides durability, and Pick-A-Color inserts allow you to customize your cleat.

Maximum flexibility built in! 8" Packers are comfortable on feet and wallet... SAVE BIG! Flexibility is one of the biggest keys to shoe comfort. These 8" packers feature Opanka construction, a durable, hand created construction method where the upper is attached to the outsole and sock lining with a heavy, durable wax thread. This style of construction makes for extremely flexible footwear that keeps your feet going strong all day. Plus all the other quality details that have made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Details

Electrify your look in this sexy thigh-high boot from Pleaser. Its platform, flared heel, and fully-laced entry present a flirtatious vibe, but its bold buckle detailing takes it into ultra-provocative, tough-girl territory. It also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	Heel Height

Slipping into Propt's  Washable Walker sneaker will be sheer heaven. Its breathable leather upper is made even airier with the addition of all-over perforations, and its thickly padded interior, fleecy, soft lining, and shock-absorbing outsole will work together to bring you a gentle, cushioned step. Choose classic white, or pretty, pearlized pastels.	Women's Propet Washable Walkers. Available in wide sizes too! These Washable Walkers are the ultimate in comfort. Lightweight and breathable. Durable and supportive. Everything you want from your Athletic Shoes

The Reebok Time and a Half is a walking shoe with a leather and mesh upper for comfort, support and breathability. The DMX foam and removable sockliner provides superior cushioning, and the Walking Stride Guide creates a smooth heel-to-forefoot transition. The oil resistant, slip resistant outsole enhances the walker's traction, while the Opti-Flex Zone forefoot design increases natural flexibility. A beveled heel construction enhances the walker's stride.

Slip into this elegant dress slide from Rampage, and experience the pleasures of simple beauty. The slender, crossing satin straps are embellished with glitter, which this sandal a glamorous feel. This satin-covered heel looks fantastic with fancy skirts and dresses.	RAMPAGE caters to the young contemporary woman, offering her eclectic, fashion-forward products to wear in every aspect of her constantly evolving lifestyle. The RAMPAGE customer is inspired by celebrities and has a huge appetite for designer inspiration.

White/Navy/Red will be available to ship early June. Synthetic upper with stretchable mesh and venting. Ortholite anti-microbial moisture wicking sockliner. Internal midsole construction with forefoot adiPRENE+ and integrated 3D Torsion system. Non-marking rubber outsole.

Bearpaw's Elise boots are fashionable and comfortable, making them the perfect winter boot! These pull-on womens boots are 14" tall. With suede & rabbit fur on the outside and wool & sheepskin on the inside, your feet are going stay warm and look cool!

Generations of runners have loved the cushioned neutral ride and the versatility of this day-in-day-out running shoe. Nylon mesh upper with reflective materials for safety in low-light conditions. adiPRENE provides protection from harmful impact forces, adiPRENE + maintains forefoot propulsion and efficiency. 3D Torsion System for best midfoot integrity. Forefoot blown rubber outsole combines lightweight with grip, decoupled heel helps deflect impact shock. Wt. 10.4 oz.

The Reebok Bulldodge Mid Turf lacrosse shoe features a soft performance synthetic upper that is lightweight and breathable. Uniquely molded foam ankle collar padding offers superior ankle protection. Midfoot support power strap provides adjustability and support. Soft mesh tongue adds excellent comfort on top-of-foot. EVA midsole wedge delivers lightweight cushioning and comfort. Lightweight indoor specific turf bottom gives superior traction and lateral support. Wt. 18.8 oz.

12-ounce cotton twillCotton web handlesDimensions

BCBGeneration delivers a unique blend of uncompromising fashion. Now you can have glorious style without skimping on all-day comfort, and with a variety of different looks, you're bound to find just the right complement to any outfit. Versatile enough for casual and dress, BCBGeneration provides the unlikely combination of maturity and playfulness in every style.	BCBGIRLS MULTI POLKA DOT Style# BGLIBRARY Size

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.

ASICS preeminent high mileage running shoe combines the very best blend of cushioning and stability. An expanded rearfoot GEL Cushioning System provides additional shock attenuation at impact, while the forefoot twist GEL Cushioning System absorbs shock and provides a stable platform for toe-off. A ComforDry insole offers an optimum cushioning performance system that creates a cooler, drier, healthier shoe environment. PHF (Personalized Heel Fit) and Biomorphic Fit panels in the upper add a customized fit by molding to the foot and enhancing flexibility. New SpEVA 55 lasting enhances comfort by allowing added cushioning to the foot in a stable foot bed. A DuoMax medial post and DuoTruss System in the midfoot deliver proper support as the shoe transitions from heel strike to toe-off. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.

berlin black leather 70

A young cowboy and cowgirl tradition. A black western boot with a silver toe tip. Semi round toe and injection molded sole assures comfort and durability. These boots will bring a smile to your youngster's face whenever worn Allow for your child's growth by buying 1/2 size above your childs normal shoe size. For wide feet, consider a lace up roper style boot. All man made materials with long wearing man made outsole. Infant sizes are shoe size 4 to 8; Children sizes are 8 1/2 to 3 and Youth sizes are 3 1/2 to 7. Import.

205103GYS11 Features

What are Heely's? They're shoes that roll! These one of a kind, powerful, lightweight athletic shoes feature a single, stealth wheel housed in the heel, allowing athletes of all skill levels to walk, run and transition to a roll at any moment. Roll into all situations, or simply remove the wheel and transform your Heely's into a pair of fashionable street shoes!	The Heelys Whirl roller shoes bring you a new style of kids' skate shoe with a special wheel housed in the heel. They allow you to transition to a roll at any given moment for coasting fun and original tricks. Remove the detachable wheel and it instantly transforms into a pair of fashionable street shoes. The shoe is made with a textured and smooth synthetic upper and polyurethane midsole with wide fashion lace. Comfort is provided by the Wave comfort heel bracket. Has a Fats polyurethane wheel, which has ABEC 1, 608 micro bearings. Includes heel plugs and a removal tool. Select one size up from your normal size for proper fit.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	These Steve Madden Vyceroy Pump Features a leather upper, strap with elastic, padded insole, and manmade sole.

Support your favorite baseball team in style with the Reebok S. Carter Baseball. This low-profile casual leather shoe features a New York Yankees logo stitched on the heel. Rubber outsole delivers great traction.

Hue Faux Fairisle Shearling Shue is a wonderfully warm new slipper.

Matterhorn Leather Field Boot with Protective Toe. "Armored", GORE - TEX waterproof, and made with 400 grams of Thinsulate to STORM through your day! Matterhorn is known for making "extreme boots for extreme conditions" and this sure-footed pair with an ASTM-approved safety toe definitely fits the bill! Made to meet or exceed requirements for safety and your foot's demand for comfort... the Matterhorn Field Boot is one tough trooper. Water resistant and breathable leather uppers lace-up high so you can get down and dirty. Waterproof GORE-TEX bootie and removable DRYZ insole cushions your feet while taming odor and keeping your feet dry for total moisture control inside and out! A step in the right direction

Essential equipment for mountain and water professionals or anyone seeking added foot protection and support in or around the water. The Salomon Techamphibian features a breathable air mesh upper with adjustable heel strap and quickfit lacing system for a customized fit. Convertible heel allows you to wear this shoe with or without a back. Water Contragrip outsole provides dependable traction in or around water. Molded EVA midsole provides comfort and cushioning with every step.

Radiance is KEY to restoring the original shine and luster on platinum, gold, sterling silver, palladium, and titanium jewelry metals. Can you imagine sparkling gemstones set in a radiant precious metal?

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Easy to clean, full-grain leather uppers offer long-lasting wear.   Decorative instep band with hardware for added detail.   Removable EVA footbed with foam chamber for additional cushioning.   Leather outsole with TPU walking surface provides classic styling and slip-resistant traction.

Leather Luster Kit 	Provides high gloss shine. 	Patent-like finish. 	Guaranteed not to crack, peel or harm leather. 	Great for umpire shoes		Shipping to 48 Continental US States only	CANNOT ship to APO, FPO, PO Box or any other address that requires USPS shipping. USPS will not ship hazardous material, must ship by UPS ground.

Sebago represents authentic products and timeless design. Their original, hand-sewn Docksides boat shoe and Classic Beefroll penny loafer havent changed since they first crafted them decades ago. Sebago is a celebration of everything New Englandwhere life in, on or around the waters is a geographical unavoidability. Their shoes are about performance--not just the technical kind, but the way a shoe behaves in its right environment, whether on boats or city streets. Each classic Sebago design is carefully designed to perform at its best.	The Clovehitch boat shoe from Seabago has a weathered leather upper with mesh panels for breathability, padded linings for comfort, and a traditional slotted collar with eyelets to create a nautical feel.

Official U.S. Navy Bates Duty Oxfords... BIG BUCKS OFF! Some fussy inspector got up on the wrong side of the boat one day and labeled these "factory seconds." And if there is a small nick or such... remember, these are 100% guaranteed! Features

Bates DuraShocks Steel Toe Desert Boots. SAVE BIG! Bates DuraShocks compression fights foot depression! DuraShocks technology uses patented compression pads in the forefoot and heel to absorb shock and keep you in comfort. Slide in and say "Ahhh"

If you're looking for the most comfortable shoes you will ever own, the search is over with these Mazzy Moccasins from Naturalizer. There is absolutely no break-in time, meaning your feet will start enjoying life as soon as you unpack these "moccasins." From the plush sueded insole to the contrast stitching, there's nothing you won't love about them. A dressier choice than sneakers, you'll find you want to take these loafers to the office so prepare to buy an extra pair.   About Naturalizer With more than 75 years of experience, Naturalizer shoes have long been known as the comfortable shoe with the beautiful fit. Today, Naturalizer shoes are always on the forefront of fashion, crafted in a wide variety of styles to suit anyone's taste. Offering a wide range of sizes, from 4 to 13 and in slim, narrow, medium, wide and doublewide widths, Naturalizer uses advanced comfort technology to produce styles you'll love with appealing value. Naturalizer is a branded division of the Brown Shoe Company. In addition to the Naturalizer line, Brown Shoe owns Famous Footwear stores through the United States. Its brands include Buster Brown, Airstep, Connie, LifeStride, and NightLife; it also sells Bass, Star Wars, Hot Kiss, and Warner Bros. licensed footwear. It distributes footwear worldwide through about 2,000 retailers, including independent, chain, and department stores.	The Via Spiga Rey shoes feature a patent leather upper with a round toe. The leather outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

For neutral runners and slight overpronators, the Radius 6 really measures up. Brooks' patented cushioning technologies serve up a comfortable, responsive ride while a medial arch pod provides a degree of pronation control, boosting biomechanical efficiency. For runners with neutral gaits who don't require extra stability, Brooks provides the ultimate in cushioning and flexibility for a ride that glides.	BROOKS RADIUS 06 MENS RUNNING TRAINERS / SHOES Brooks took a popular, high-quality cushioning shoe and went back to the drawing board, producing the new and improved Radius 06 It's a lighter and more generously padded runner than its predecessor

Frye is known for quality craftsmanship and long-lasting wear and the Emmett is certainly no exception. This ruggedly handsome boot has a fine,   slightly distressed leather upper, stylish welt stitching, and a full side zipper entry for easy on and off accessibility. Nothing will treat your style   better than the Emmett.	Smooth with a rugged finish describes these finely tailored Frye Emmet mid boots. Soft distressed textured leather or soft suede upper with round

Add extra bounce to your every day routine. Designed for medical professionals to stimulate and support the foot, while allowing the foot to relax and breathe. Features include,  Slip resistant outsole - Exceptionally durable - Easy care and maintenance - European design

Stroll confidently from the office to a high-class bar without missing a beat in the Tribeca Busy Work tailored pump. This pump features a smooth leather upper in a dress-modified oxford style, a wing-tip inspired toe and 3.25-inch tapered dress heel. The finishing touch on this elegant pump is a three-eyelet lace-up front and coordinating satin ribbon ties above the flexible tongue.	Tribeca, A Kenneth Cole Production. A line that gives the fashion forward customer a chance to express herself.  Up to the minute fashion silhouettes, that covers sandals, platforms, boots, denim friendly heels and evening makers.  Don't be afraid to let the shoe help tell the story.

6 inch Clear Pointed Stiletto Mule Women's Size Shoe.

The Pavlowa pointe shoe from Capezio features a Russian-styled, pre-arched silhouette that will keep you light on your feet. Its long vamp adds stability, while the wide platform helps keep you snugly in place.	Tapered toe box. Medium vamp. Slight "V" shape throat. High crown. Narrow platform. Nylon binding with cotton drawstring. Skived No. 3 leather board shank. BEST FIT

The Infinity Gore Tex Boots from TCX are able to guarantee users maximum protection and the highest levels of performance.  TCX has a history of innovations the Torsion Control System patent, used in racing and off road biking and the Metatarsal Control System, which has for years been an important reference point in the motorcycle sector.     Comfort Fit System CFS   TCX products in the Touring Range are manufactured using techniques that ensure a high quality fit  the Comfort Fit System form moulding,   through which the upper is shaped on a mould that reproduces the anatomy of the human foot.  The Touring Range is therefore extremely versatile and high quality, with high tech products that can also be used casually and in the city.Full Grain Leather   The uppers of the TCX Touring range are made using full grain leather. This is the most valuable part of the leather, which is specially treated and rendered waterproof. The result is an upper in a natural material that gives exceptional performance in terms of protection from atmospheric agents, breathability and fit.Gore-Tex Membrane   The application of the Gore-tex membrane offers an optimal combination of breathability and insulation, granting the feet to stay warm and dry, never sweaty even in extreme conditions. The durable waterproof protection stops moisture from seeping in.Technical Details    Upper   full grain leatherLining   GORE-TEX membraneProtections   malleolous protection, shift pad, leather coated shin plate and inner thermo contoured protectionColor   BlackClosure   2 polyurethane adjustable bucklesSole  touring sole, oil and petrol resistant with specific grip areaSizes   EU 38-48  US 7-13CE CertifiedCloseouts are limited to stock on hand

The Puma Alpine Trail is a stylish trail shoe built for the cross country and trail-racing enthusiast seeking weight reduction, ground contact and good looks. Sleek nylon and mesh upper provides breathable, durable comfort. Rugged EverTrack rubber outsole delivers traction on a variety of surfaces. Full-length CMEVA and IdCELL cushioning in heel provides shock absorption.

Update your fall wardrobe with the Truthful from Enzo Angiolini. This comfortable and fun dress boot with a foldable flap features a zipper for easy on and off and a quality leather upper. With a high 15.5-inch shaft, these are eye-catching boots designed to add a classic touch to long skirts or dresses, and a bit of sass to jeans or pants.	For the finest in high-fashion footwear, Enzo Angiolini is recognized world-wide for their unique designs and their comfortable fit. With a style for virtually every occasion, the Enzo Collection is bound to have the perfect addition to any outfit. Fine fashion starts from the ground up, so start with Enzo Angiolini.

These skate shoes from Adio feature a padded mesh tongue, perforated sides and upper, an inset metallic-mesh logo, and tongue centering straps for added stability. It's all white and goes great with just about anything; a perfect addition to your wardrobe.

The adidas Bracara 3 FG is a soccer shoe for the modern game with contemporary design and materials backed up with proven, reliable football technology. Synthetic leather upper adds light weight and durability. TraXion provides excellent maneuverability on firm ground. TraXion FG outsole provides grip and comfort on firm natural surfaces.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	This moccasin slipper is comfortable, warm and softGenuine moosehide leather upper with topline lacingFleecy lining keeps your feet cozyFoam-cushioned footbedIndoor/outdoor rubber-like soleAvailable in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

Women's Propet Easywalker with extended heel counter for all day support. Removable EVA insole for easy customization. Fabric lining, padded collar and tongue mean luxurious comfort for your feet. Molded EVA mid sole and rubber outsole provide shock absorption, secure traction and durable wear. Rocker profile designs for easy stride. Dual Hook and Loop closures.

The ASICS GEL-1100 is the running shoe that provides exceptional cushioning and stability for runners at any ability level. Light, comfortable synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper enhances performance and fit. Forefoot SpEVA cushioning component offers lightweight cushioning plus durability. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems improve shock attenuation and reduce weight. The DuoMax medial post provides stability and shores the midfoot. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. Lateral rearfoot flex grooves offer rearfoot shock attenuation at initial impact. Two-piece DuraSponge outsole adds flexibility and cushioning. AHAR heel plug helps reduce excessive wear. Wt. 12.6 oz.

The men's Harness 12R boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude but exudes pure style. This attractive pull-on boot has an oiled leather upper with brushed metal hardware, decorative ankle harness with o-ring detail, a 15 inch calf circumference, neoprene oil resistant soles with a full-length leather midsole for maximum comfort and durability, and a cushioned insole for additional comfort. Made in USA.	Dating back to the 1800s, the Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the US, giving Frye products a long and illustrious history! Today Frye remains true to its heritage and vintage roots, while continuing to innovate and expand its footwear for continuously fashionable designs using rich leathers and quality hardware. The Harness 12R boot features definitive O-ring straps and studs on distressed leather uppers, making for a timeless design. Double pull-tabs, a wellington vamp, cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, pitched heels with rubber heel lifts, and durable Goodyear welt construction finish off this boot beautifully! Shaft circumference is approx. 15", height approx. 12", stacked heel approx. 2". Style #87350

Rockport meets Vibram meets your feet, BIG BUCKS OFF! And it's a meeting made in heaven, with these Rockport Edge Hill Casuals! They're the ideal in lightweight comfort, support and style. Here's the proof

Hunker down with warm, waterproof Danner CamoHide GTX 400 gram Boots. Cold snap? Get into the warmth and comfort of 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation in a new, lightweight hunting Boot with deep lugs and a wrapped toe piece. Constructed with waterproof, full grain CamoHide leather and Realtree Hardwoods HD camo Cordura, it's a heads-up option for hunker-down conditions. Specs

Travel the court at top speed in the Dada Three Man Weave basketball shoe. Synthetic upper with speed lacing system and elastic tongue stabilizers. CMEVA midsole. Non-marking rubber outsole with herringbone traction pattern. Wt. 14.8 oz.

duke black paris 90

hether black leather 110

duke black paris 95

The 'Hadrian' oxford is made with premium leather uppers for quality and style.	 	 Dynamic suspension DMXTM air chamber on bottom of footbed provides dynamic air cushioning and sensation.	 	 Leather lining conforms to your feet and helps wick away moisture.	 	 Fiberlon shank offers lightweight, midfoot support.	 	 Rubberized, polyurethane outsole provides durable shock absorption to help reduce foot fatigue.

Designed for the fashionable woman who is on her feet all day, the Destin from J. Renee adds a vintage western flair to your casual fall wardrobe. Made of brush-off leather detailed with contrasting colors and nail heads, this stylish boot has a feminine, two-inch heel. The inside zip ensures a better fit, while the padded sock liner will keep you dancing all night long.	The J Renee Destin boots feature a leather upper with a pointed toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

The Earth Rocket Vegan men's walking shoe features a performance athletic design that's perfect for a walk around the neighborhood or a run on the treadmill. It features the KALS Negative Heel Technology that combines with the Gelron2000 technology to deliver exceptional cushioning.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.

The Pro 2-Way Shoe Stretcher can help you with many foot problems and foot pain caused by tight shoes. With this product, you can widen the shoe in the oppressive places and lengthen the shoe, to a certain degree. A straight design allows this economically-priced 2-Way Shoe Stretcher to be used for the right and the left shoe. It is a simple and easy way to make tight shoes for men and women fit comfortably. The Pro 2-Way Shoe Stretcher is characterized by excellent quality. It is constructed from hard wood with a steel-threaded metal rod for width stretching. Easy handling makes the 2-Way Shoe Stretcher the ideal tool for do-it-yourself shoe stretching. The front section of the Pro 2-Way Shoe Stretcher is equipped with twelve holes into which three complimentary corn pieces can be fitted . This allows you to widen your shoe exactly in those areas where pressure points are located, offering relief for bunion, hammertoes and similar conditions.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive dragon fly design is embroidered onto soft and durable sky blue canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create and snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Indigo design on sky blue canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

Women's Eastland Staple Leather Clogs... always a popular style, and they feel great too! The good folks at Eastland have done it again! They've successfully combined a sharp style with all-day comfort that minimizes leg and back fatigue! The more you're on your feet, the more you'll appreciate their special features. Order with total confidence... these Clogs and all Sportsman's Guide good deals come to you backed by my ironclad 100% satisfaction fuarantee! Best foot forward

Fine fitting Guide Gear Side - Zip Boots... no lacing to slow you down. SAVE BIG! Friends, you know that we're close to fanatical when it comes to quality! That's why you can be as sure as can be that we wouldn't allow the Guide Gear name to be applied to anything but products like this great pair of Boots! Happy Feet! Full-grain leather uppers are durable and stylish; Oil-resistant rubber trucker outsole; Repairable 3/4 Goodyear welt for stability; Comfortable permanent padded insole; Pigskin leather lining for comfort; Side zipper for easy, fast on and off; Each is approx. 7 3/4"h. and weighs 22 ozs. State Color; Width

A high mileage trainer, the ASICS GEL-Kayano X yields the very best blend of cushioning and stability through the I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System), which directs the foot from heel to toe, allowing for a more natural gait. Designed for the runner who has a medium to large frame and medium to low arches, this shoe features a SpEVA midsole that reduces shock and adds durability as well as visible rearfoot  and forefoot twist GEL Cushioning Systems for maximum shock reduction. The dual-density DuoTruss System links the forefoot and rearfoot for added support. DuoMax medial post offers stability and shores the midfoot. Synthetic leather upper with open air mesh. PHF (Personalized Heel Fit) memory foam-lined heel collar molds to the heel. Biomorphic Fit upper provides superior fit and function. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral flex grooves add stability and flexibility. Weight 11.2 oz.

Soft suede and nylon upper for great fit and feel. EVA midsole provides shock protection and rubber outsole adds durability.

Look completely polished with this Modena oxford from Stacy Adams. The tailored bicycle toe on this soft leather oxford lends a   little additional style to this already handsome look. The cushioned insole and smooth linings will bring you all day comfort, while the   outsole ensures a strong and solid step.	European styling moves to the modern forefront in Stacy Adams' Modena oxford. Leather upper follows a form-fitting profile for urban elegance. Contemporary stitch accents add striking visual contrast to any professional wardrobe.

A durable, roll-top hiking boot with sophisticated detailing. Includes polished hardware, metal aglets, metal heel log and signature hang tag detailed to look like a bar of gold or platinum. Rubber lug outsole provides superior traction. Full-grain leather upper features a roll-down top for temperature control and a toe bumper for durability. Rustproof hardware is made to last. Padded collar lends cushioning and comfort.

David Beckham leaves his mark on the shoe that incorporates his thumbprint into its design. Engineered for the game's elite, the adidas Predator Pulse X features the X-TraXion clip-in system for an adaptable grip on soft terrain. The K-leather upper offers excellent ball feel and fit, while PowerPulse technology redistributes the weight of the shoe, resulting in more impact throughout your kick. The split outsole provides optimized weight and flexibility. The external heel counter delivers comfort and stability. Wt. 10.6 oz.

STRIKE-ing style! Wolverine Dawson Bowler Casuals, BIG BUCKS OFF! Give the gift of trendy bowling shoe style... without having to steal a pair of stinkers from the local Bowl-o-Rama! My friends at Wolverine made these beauties... but they're not making 'em anymore. This style's been discontinued, waxing the lane for fist-pumping savings! The spin

Stainless Steel waterproof keyring has vial that measures 2.25" long and .75" wideGreat storage for pills, medication and vitamins

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Leather upper with padded collar and rubber outsole.

Rubber outsole, leather upper with buckle collar offers comfort.

Now established for a decade, J Shoes' individuality, classic style, and decorative, decadent design have propelled the brand into one of the hottest and most respected footwear companies around. Combining high fashion, comfort and ease with cutting-edge street smarts, J Shoes' ongoing commitment to innovative, free-thinking design has remained at the center of their philosophy as they continue to deliver the sharpest, most sought-after fashion staples season after season.

Bloch's Prolite II is a great standard choice for ballet practice and performance. The split suede sole provides maximum flexibility, while the rich leather upper molds perfectly to your foot's shape/	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Nubuck upper and liningContoured footbed with Serdia" anti-odor treatmentLug tread patternComfort and style, the Tango Thong Sandals by Coumbia feature a nubuck upper and lining as well as a contoured footbed with Serdia" anti-odor treatment and a lug tread pattern. Color

The adidas Thrill Fly football shoe features a synthetic and mesh upper, a LightStrike EVA midsole and a molded TPU outsole. Wt. 11.7 oz.

The Mizuno Wave Inspire 3 running shoe was developed for the runner who desires the best blend of support and cushioning that respects the needs of medium-arched, flexible foot types. Highly ventilated AIRmesh upper provides breathability and comfort. AP midsole provides lightweight, responsive cushioning. Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation system. SmoothRide engineered Composite Double Fan Wave adds great blend of support and cushioning in a package that transitions like no other. VS-T in the heel to help prevent overpronation. X-10 in heel adds durability. Solid rubber and blown rubber in forefoot offer durability and flexibility. Wt. 9.5 oz.

Inspire some backyard exploration in the Newport sandal from Keen. A layer of rubber protects the toe from bumps and bruises. The single pull lacing gives them an easy and secure fit, while adjusting to growing feet.

coyl natural paris 75

Instustrial Grade Boots

coyl natural paris 70

With the combination of great looks and functionality, the Carolina Opanka Gaucho Wildhorse women's Oxfords are a perfect choice for hard working women. When your duties require the durability of a leather shoe with a steel toe and you don't want to clunk around in boots all day, the Carolina Opanka Gaucho Wildhorse women's Oxfords will fit the bill. The comfort is unmatched, and the perforated leather upper allows your foot to breathe, unlike conventional shoes of this style. Slip your feet into the Carolina Opanka Gaucho Wildhorse women's Oxfords, and concentrate on work instead of how your feet will feel at the end of the day.

Pony is a fashion athletic brand established in the early 70's, and it's been growing ever since. Pony is a fashion first athletic brand with both old school replica shoes and new athletically inspired fashion shoes. Pony has been fresh since 1972, with no expiration date.

For all levels of training and competition. Combination synthetic leather and split-leather upper with RhynoSkin reinforcement placed on medial drive zone for durability, flat laces for reduced lace slippage, Split Sole Design outsole for greater responsiveness and flexibility. Wt.

coyl natural paris 95

The adidas Real Deal basketball shoe is back and ready to dominate. Full-grain and synthetic leather upper provides comfort and durability. Inlay

Bungalow360 Peace Signs Natural Canvas Adjustable Strap Lucille Shoulder Bag

Soft Genuine leather uppers with a slip-on style and Flex Link Technology. This sole is air-cushioned, providing underfoot comfort and durability. It offers good abrasion and slip resistance. The sole is double-stitched to the upper.

She'll adore this sweet little ballet flat from Enzo Carisi. The  metallic leather upper is attractive, with grosgrain ribbon trim and a  leather bow detail, and is just like the trendy style the older girls are  wearing, but this treat for the feet got something else they didn't

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	221040CAZ__17 Features

Bearpaw's Mary J's have a soft, shearling, fleece footbed to keep your PAWS feeling good! The soft suede upper has a rounded, roomy toe and a chic side buckle. Shipping

Japanese for "pressure point," Tsubo is a design-driven company founded by British designers Nick O'Rorke and Patrick McNulty in July 1997. Tsubo is designed for the fashion conscious, comfort-driven individual who wants the highest-quality materials along with the highest-quality product. The soles are built with comfort in mind -- all of the styles have the unique cushion oval bubbles strategically placed on the sole at various pressure points of the foot for the highest amount of comfort. These bubbles not only provide comfort, but they also allow you to instantly recognize that these are Tsubo shoes.	TSUBO means "pressure point" in Japanese. What does that mean for you? TSUBO knows that style doesnt have to be uncomfortable. Designed with style and functionality in mind, the TSUBO line features products made of soft materials that flex in the right places. The TSUBO Panax is a perfect example. Constructed of full-grain leather, suede and nylon, this cutting-edge shoe features a dual-density polyurethane midsole with climate control air channels and perforations to keep your feet cool and dry at all times. Rubber lug outsole delivers dependable traction on a variety of surfaces.

You love your sports sandals, but they are sometimes too casual. And you rely on your leather loafer, but sometimes that seems too hot or formal. This is a perfect "meet in the middle" shoe. The leather upper is supple and features sleek adjustable straps over the foot and around the ankle for a great fit. Meanwhile, the supportive and cushioned sole and footbed you've come to expect from Mephisto will provide a comfortable walking experience. Pair with pants or shorts for a handsome warm-weather look.	Comfortable sandal featuring adjustable instep and ankle closure. Full grain leather upper. Rubber sole. Resoleable for a high return on investment. Adjustable strap closures. Handsewn construction. Cork and latex cushioned footbed.

The Quinta low heel pump from Boutique 58 adds a hint of sex appeal to your sweetly sophisticated style. This demure pump has a pretty patent upper with seamless detailing, an alluring squared open toe, and a unique pillar-esque kitten heel. Ultra-soft leather linings and a cushioned insole will protect and pamper your feet, while the dress leather outsole works to give you a sure footing and a positive balance. The Quinta will take you from morning to night with perfect ease.	Boutique 9 is a new brand answering the call for something new and different. A brand for the consumer who knows designer product but doesn't limit herself. Fun, impulsive styles that are trendy but not too intimidating.

Started in 1963, Ben Sherman has progressed from its original roots as a status shirt brand into a complete lifestyle brand. The Mod movement adopted Ben Sherman as its style trademark in the 60s and the brand still epitomizes everything a teenager aspires to be -- stylish, smart, tough, streetwise, good-looking and popular.

The Confortina Women's Slip-On comes loaded with therapeutic features that accommodate bunions, corns and other painful foot problems. The stretch knit upper is directly molded to a polyurethane bottom to double the relaxing and massaging effect on the feet. This European design boasts a wider last, which provides a great fit for your feet.

For the finest in high-fashion footwear, Enzo Angiolini is recognized world-wide for their unique designs and their comfortable fit. With a style for virtually every occasion, the Enzo Collection is bound to have the perfect addition to any outfit. Fine fashion starts from the ground up, so start with Enzo Angiolini.

Classic prep moc style, sure footed, practical sole. Looks aren't anything if you don't have traction. That's why the Sebago updated the classic bow-front prep moc style and added their exclusive Turnbuckle outsole. Have a look

gosip black paris 60

gosip black paris 65

Water repellent nylon liningFlip-up 4 compartment frontSide phone pouchRear pocketLarge main compartmentAdjustable nylon strap10" X 11" X 5"

Nylon/suede upper with EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

This delicate ballet shoe from Capezio is a must-have for your practice sessions. The lightweight shoe is made from soft brushed canvas and features a split suede sole for ultimate flexibility. Pre-attached elastic straps offer a custom fit to this low profile shoe.	Constructed of a lightweight canvas from ultra-soft woven cotton fibers. Split sole. Sculpted pre-arched design hugs the foot. Forefoot patch has clean hidden stitching for comfort and strength. Soft hung polyester/cotton lining. Precision trimmed forefoot padding ensures a flat shoe. Chrome tanned suede sole patches in contoured tear drop shape. Bar-tacked elastic drawstring. 3/8" elastics pre-attached at the heel. Shaped on a women's last. Also available in child sizes. Begin with street shoe size.

The flip flop matures a bit for the Tasmina thong sandal from UGG(R) Australia. Soft suede upper in a casual thong sandal style with a rolled suede or webbed fabric toe thong post, classic Tasman braided design, logo accent, comfortable front straps and soft, warm short, curly fleece lining. Cushioned, textured suede topped footbed. Striped EVA foam shock absorbing midsole. Sunburst print traction patterned outsole.

Affordable slip on/off comfort, and great Western style! Justin Side-zip Western Boots, SAVE BIG! Easy on / easy off is the way to go! Especially where you're constantly moving between indoor and outdoor environments. Just slide your feet in and zip up... you're ready to go with the same support and comfort as any lace-up boot. Sharp-looking decorative Western accents on the vamp of each Boot add just the right touch of class. And all for big bucks off the original retail! Durable and stylish leather uppers; Permanent, padded synthetic-lined insole for comfort; Leather lining; Approx. 8"h., 26 ozs. each. State Width

Full-grain leather upper with polyurethane removable sockliner, Transition Bridge for midfoot support, beveled heel design that enhances walking stride and Opti-Flex Zone that improves forefoot flexibility. Wt. 12.4 oz.

Women's Matterhorn GORE - TEX Leather Field Boots are comfortable. 100% waterproof and breathable! Enter mission-ready Boots tough as G.I. Jane on the outside. And GORE-TEX waterproof which guarantees bone-dry feet. Waterproof full-grain leather uppers; GORE-TEX membrane ensures dry, comfortable feet; Sure-grip Vibram rubber outsole; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Removable, mesh-lined, polyurethane insole for comfort; DRYZ technology for moisture-wicking odor control; Wicking Cambrelle lining.; Mil.-spec quality; Removable Aero Glide insole for top comfort; 200 gram Thinsulate insulation.; Each approx. 10"h., 28 ozs.; State Width

6 inch Heel Clear Mule Women's Size Shoe With Floating Stars and Ankle Strap.

Women's Red Wing 6" Slayton Boots. These Red Wing 6" Slayton Boots have that trendy wedge heel, paired with Red Wing comfort and durability. Try these features on for size

White Mountain is a 25-year-old privately held company based in Boston, Massachusetts. It markets product under the White Mountain, Modellista, and Rialto brands and it produces numerous private label brands for various stores in the United States and around the world. Using design teams from Italy and Brazil, a Boston-based organization that interprets trends from the world fashion centers, and manufacturers in Italy, Brazil, China, Romania, and India, White Mountain provides the highest quality/value product relationship in existence today.

Sandals With 5 Inch Heel, Sling Back And Two Tone Colors

Comfort meets cool in this distinctive slip-on. The upper features an ostrich texture, with elastic vents and padded collar for comfort and ease. The thick rubber sole features loads of traction and will support and cushion you for years.	Women's Roper Outback Exotic Slip-On Shoes... they look expensive, but they're not! Roper's Outback Sport Slip-Ons feature stylish ostrich print uppers! Their side elastic gore gets you in and out of them quick and easy, while the rugged rubber outsole makes sure footing a given. Soft Support insoles mean all day comfort for you! We want to assure you that these Shoes, like everything you buy from us here at Bargain Outfitters are backed by our ironclad 100% assurance of YOUR satisfaction! Here's the scoop

The Adio Preview is a performance skate shoe designed and tested by pro skater Steve Nesser. Durable leather upper features tongue-centering straps to keep tongue in place and provide stability. Traditional cupsole construction provides added board feel. Grippy rubber outsole features flex grooves in key areas for added traction, grip and flexibility. Spare laces are included,

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.

SAVE BIG on New Balance MX800 Cross Trainers! Get active! Thanks to a minor change in style for next year you save BIG! More

Men's Hodgman Wadewell 3-ply Canvas Hip Waders With Felt Soles are the classic canvas waders you love! Proven by time! The Wadewell series of waders by Hodgman offer the utmost in classic durability and function. They've been preferred by outdoorsmen the world over for generations both for fishing and hunting! 3-ply canvas / rubber / cotton uppers; Rubber bootfeet with wool felt and foam insulation and semi-hard toe caps for protection against sharp rocks; Steel shank arch supports and sponge cushion insoles for comfort; Classic felt soles Each approx. 65 1/4 ozs. Imported. The sportsman's classic is back and ready for your next trip! State Size. Order Today! Men's Hodgman Wadewell 3-ply Hip Waders w/ Felt Soles, Khaki

Nothing will comfort quite like the Stability Walker sneaker from Propet. This lightweight, soft leather sneaker, available in smooth or nubuck finishes, features a padded collar and tongue to provide you with optimum ankle support. What's more, the multi-directional tread will give you traction on multiple surfaces. The Stability makes the road ahead virtually endless.	Propet Stability Walkers. In narrow and extra-wide sizes! Comfortably walk your way into shape with these Stability Walkers

Men's economy PVC knee boot. Has a cleated outsole. Comes in black.

6.5 inch Stiletto Heel Pump Women's Size Shoe.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The Saucony Grid Stabil 6 is built to provide the smoothest, most comfortable ride available in a motion control running shoe. The SRC crash pad brings unexpected cushioning and ride. Triple-density CMEVA midsole delivers a smooth ride while slowing pronation. SRC Impact Zone provides shock attenuation and sets up the foot for a smooth transition. HRC Strobel Board increases cushioning and comfort. Premium sockliner improves step-in comfort and cushioning. Arch Lock adds snug midfoot fit. Wt. 13.2 oz.

Flutter around in the high vintage-inspired fashion of the Jamonica from Nine West. This 40's style pump has a smooth leather upper, small t-strap detail with buckle, pleated and perforated accents on the rounded toe, low stacked heel, cushioned insole, and rubber panel on the outsole for traction. Pull your favorite vintage dress from the closet and pair it up with the Jamonica for a high-class but sexy look.	Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

Top of the range, high mileage training shoe offering cushioning, fit and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper with Scotchlite reflective material for night running safety and Achilles Flex Notch. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with a medial post and a midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC adds responsive forefoot cushioning. E.A.S. System to help properly guide and support the foot through the gait cycle. XT-900 carbon rubber and XT-Lite outsole provides traction, durability, cushioning and flexibility, flex grooves, Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Weight 11.5 oz.

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	Women's Naturalizer, Fuller low heel leather pumps  A low tailored pump for business basics, classic fall styles or an evening out  Leather upper with decorative stitching and a squared toe  Smooth, faux leather lining feels soft against your skin  Cushioned insole features the N5 Comfort System  This exclusive comfort system provides greater flexibility, a lightweight feel, added stability, breathability and extra cushioning  1 3/4 inch heel with traction outsoles

Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids family of children's shoes and accessories are built to outfit your little ones from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child can now wear Western Chief's array of products in any kind of weather. They even have slippers, so kids can wear their favorite characters indoors!	Your kitty friend is here to keep the rain away.  Umbrella has printed cat face and ears.  Durable nylon umbrella will keep the rain away.  Perfectly sized to make it easy for little hands to open and close on their own.  Child-sized 24" length.  Matching raincoat and boots available.

All canvas bags are not created equal! Certified organic 10 oz cotton tote that is great as a shopper or a  book bag.  16 (inches) wide x 15.5 high with a 5 inch full bottom gusset and 22 inch over-the-shoulder handles. Stuff several into one bag and keep them in your car for your next shopping trip. Easier to carry than a million plastic bags, and these bags will be in your family for years.  The average plastic bag takes 125 years to degrade. There are over 100 billion plastic shopping bags used in the United States each year. Less than 1% are recycled. Why not use a bag that you can use over and over again!

Entry-level spike for multi-purpose track and field use. Breathable mesh upper with supportive synthetic trimmings. Die-cut EVA midsole. Half-length TPU spike plate. Full-length Pebax spike plate. Wt. 6.9 oz.

Airwalk Havoc Skate Shoes... ON SALE! Comfortable, fashionable Skate Shoes from boardsport lifestyle footwear company Airwalk. Stylish and durable suede leather uppers; Rubber outsole for traction; Permanent nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Nylon lining wicks away moisture; Interior gore panels for easy slip-on without untying laces; Padded mesh collar and tongue for cushioning and breathability. State Size. Medium width. Order today, save big bucks, and get rolling! Men's Airwalk Havoc Skate Shoes, Black

Get a little bit of western and a whole lot of quality at a ROCK-BOTTOM PRICE! It's how the west was won. These 7" Lacers pack great looks plus all the quality and construction that has made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Check them out

Wrap your foot in a snug, comfortable HUG. The laceless HUG System locks your foot into a zone of supreme comfort, security and control. With the flip of the adjustable heel lever, you can dial in your perfect fit. Dial up for a tighter fit or dial down for a looser fit. Full-grain leather upper with air-mesh bootie and ventilated heel counter. CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE insert adds lightweight cushioning. Multi-directional herringbone outsole. Wt. 20.2 oz.

If your shoe isn't fitting the way it's supposed to, your whole body will feel it! However, with this durable FootSmart FitRight Two-Way Shoe Stretcher, you can stretch both the length and width of your shoes and ensure a just-right fit. Special pressure relief pods can be strategically placed to help relieve pain from corns and bunions. Note

Because kids love to play and love to be comfortable, the Kids' UGG Classic Boots offer both at the same time. Made out of genuine twinface sheepskin, reinforced with suede heel guards and lined with real fur, these mid-calf classic UGG boots are ready to keep your little one's feet safe and cozy, on and off the playground. Plus, with molded EVA outsoles that are light and flexible, these indoor/outdoor boots offer enough traction and support for playgrounds, walks, games of tag and adventures through the local nature trails. For one sweet pair of pint-sized boots, have your sweeties pull on the UGG Classic Boots for kids and feel the comfort every step of the way.

adidas Dragon

TREND

Nunn Bush split toe sandals in the style Oasis.    Made with leather upper.

The Dada Three Man Weave basketball shoe has a synthetic upper with speed lacing system and elastic tongue stabilizers. CMEVA midsole. Non-marking rubber outsole with herringbone traction pattern. Wt. 14.8 oz.

The Mezlan family began its legacy in footwear making saddles for generations of European aristocrats. With a reputation for fine workmanship and superior craftsmanship, the Mezlan name became regarded as one of the finest in the world. Over time, Mezlan increased their production capabilities, transforming from a custom shop to a cottage industry, to a small manufacturer. As always, the focus was on making beautiful footwear with the original master touch of quality and craftsmanship. To this day, the Mezlan family remains the author of brilliant shoes and accessories made all better by a rich and interesting history.

Emu Australia's Manta Lo boot is warm, comfortable, stylish, and rugged!  Shipping

102 5-6 (1) BLACK WETSHOE SHOWER SHOE

You'll love wearing the Mead slip-on from Nunn Bush with its signature gel insole that will ensure complete comfort all day long. They'll look great with a sharp suit, some slacks, or even jeans for dressing up your business casual attire. Its sleek leather upper and classic design will always keep you looking as great as you feel.	Shine all day and into the night in the Mead slip-on shoe from Nunn Bush. This moc-toe leather loafer features Comfort Gel Construction for advanced cushioning and shock absorption. The leather upper, leather lining, fully cushioned footbed, and flexible rubber sole ensure comfort. A padded collar helps prevent blisters and slipping.

The other ladies in the place will be green with "Jellzey" when they spy you in this gorgeous d'Orsay pump from Nine West. Its ruched and pleated satin upper is a class act in itself, but then hot metallic trim, a rhinestone accent, and a metallic-look stiletto were added--to a devastatingly sexy effect. Don't let those poor, covetous creatures rattle you

The outside is more than just a place. Merrell knows that. Its in their DNA, their history and the inspiration for their future. What started as a one-man boot making operation in 1981 has become a global calling to get outside and get moving. Beloved by backpackers and hikers, Merrell blazed trails, creating lighter, more comfortable footwear. Evolutions in design and technology allowed runners and hikers access to multi-sport and cross-training products designed to help them go farther, faster. Thirty years later, Merrell continues to innovate new technologies focused to get you outside, to keep you moving. Get ready to take the scenic route with Merrell.	Merrell shoes are made in US sizes. Whether you're relaxing from a long day of bushwhacking, running, climbing or swinging around on vines of dubious tensile strength, the Women's Jungle Moc is the perfect after-sport shoe for your office, home or jungle love den. The plush air cushion midsole coddles your tender heels, arches and toes. Sticky rubber soles provide excellent traction on wood planks, slick pathways and the backs of half-submerged crocodiles. Endorsed by sensible Janes everywhere..

We added a touch of casual sophistication to our most popular klog to take you from A.M. to P.M. in style.

Charming slide on a wooden platform. 	Suede upper with floral accent. 	Lightly padded footbed. 	Non-skid sole. 	2 1/2" heel.

Leather upper with ghillie lacing system for comfort and support, DMX I-pak cushioning unit for comfort and load distribution, 3D Ultralite bottom for lightweight, natural footstrike. Wt. 13.5 oz.

Pump Adjustable technology featured in the Reebok Answer X Pump basketball shoe offers automatic custom fit. Ankle strap closure adds maximum lateral support and stability. Advanced lacing system gives durability. High-abrasion rubber outsole provides maximum traction. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Dressy right down to its formal red lining, you'll look like a million bucks in this highly polished shoe. This patent leather lace-up features a streamlined, two-eyelet design with a tapered toe for a smart, sophisticated profile. The lacquered sole completes Kendall's top-notch, special-occasion styling.	Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes are carefully crafted by hand in a process that includes 212 separate production steps. No detail is too small, because supreme quality is the cornerstone of the Allen-Edmonds name.

**WE SUGGEST ADDING THE TRUE FIT GUARANTEE TO KIDS SHOES SINCE EACH MANUFACTURERS SIZING CAN BE DIFFERENT** Universal Soles

Your supreme comfort starts with the "Tactical Air Heel System" based on the air cushion technology used in better athletic shoes. You can also enjoy maximum efficiency in running and walking, thanks to the "Air Tactical Rocker Outsole" design, created wi

A well cushioned training shoe for the neutral runner. Open-weave mesh upper with Play Dry(TM) lining provides breathability, support and moisture management, 3M Scotchlite material for night running safety. CMEVA midsole and DMX(TM) foam offer cushioning. DMX(TM) Shear Strip heel cushioning, footstrike management system reduces impact of initial heel strike. Blown rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel deliver cushioning, traction and durability, forefoot flex grooves add flexibility. Weight 10.2 oz.

Take a step out of this world in the Joplin Star sandal from Rebels. A flat leather sole and wide elastic ankle strap make this super comfy find difficult to walk away from.	Take a step out of this world in the Joplin Star sandal from Rebels. A flat leather sole and wide elastic ankle strap make this super comfy find difficult to walk away from.Textile upperTextile liningRubber soleStyle Name

No more laces. A beautiful combination of leather and Neoprene. Elastic Neoprene insert hugs the arch to provide support and greatly helps your pointing form. No need for half sizes as this shoe has great stretch in the arch. Suggested Fit; Children and Ladies order the same as your street shoe size or 1/2 size larger.

5 inch Double-Decked Platform Slide Clear-Black/Clear

Bally of Switzerland has been an integral player in the luxury goods business for over 150 years. Since, its inception in 1851, Bally has dedicated itself to revolutionizing the shoe-making industry by innovating new techniques to enhance comfort and style which inspired many of its competitors to imitate its standards of production and creativity all across the world. Bally continues to grow, customizing its image and products to better service the modern consumer, all the while upholding its roots in exceptional craftmanship, quality, and value.	The handsome Havana loafer from Bally is so perfect it looks like it was carved from stone. This sophisticated shoe has a smooth leather upper, a rounded toe, soft leather lining, a hidden gore panel for additional flexibility and comfort, and a cushioned insole to help you through the long days at the office. Made in Switzerland.

Offering both the warmth and comfort that you've come to expect, this timelessly rugged moccasin features a classic construction along with a durable rubber sole.

WATERPROOF and "just ducky," PRICED LESS! Guide Gear Duck Boots and Shoes, ready to bring you through the slush and muck season in style! Waterproof synthetic leather duck-style foot. Up top is genuine full-grain waterproof leather; Latex-sealed seams assure 100% dry feet; Rubber outsole won't slip-up on you; 200 gram Thinsulate Insulation; EVA midsole and removable mesh-lined insole for "bounce"; Wicking mesh lining. State Size. Medium width. With Guide Gear, you get MORE than you pay for! Choose and order ONLINE now! AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Features a pocket on the front for a phone passport keys and the zippered pocket in the front for money or small wallet. It also has a large zippered front pocket for wallet or camera and there is another zippered pocket in the front for magazines or papers. Theres also a large pocket for clothes or other essentials. Finally on the back is still another pocket for files or papers with pen caddies and business card holders. It also features a padded handle and adjustable shoulder strap. Measures 13-3/4" x 10-3/4" x 6".

The Adidas Top Ten Hi-Tops are a classic example of Adidas' great basketball sneakers. These sneakers provide great performance on the court and great style off the court. They're white sneakers that have red stripes with matching laces. No matter what your style, you'll look great in these hi-tops from Adidas.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 60

Who says it's not easy being green? This adorable boot will keep your little one laughing and your mind at ease knowing that they will be dry and protected from the rain. The Frog Rain Boot from Western Chief has a padded insole, fabric lining and a textured rubber sole for sure footing and safety.	Playing in puddles isn't just for amphibians  Waterproof natural rubber upper  Full net fabric lining  Removable cushioned insole  Deluxe non-slip rubber sole  Pull handles for easy on/off  8-1/2" shaft with 13" circumference  Half sizes order next size up

Women's Eastland Grenada Twin Gore Slip-Ons Business casual or everyday comfort... you'll love these Eastland Grenada Twin Gore Slip-Ons

A well cushioned training shoe for the neutral runner. Open-weave mesh upper with Play Dry(TM) lining provides breathability, support and moisture management, 3M Scotchlite material for night running safety. CMEVA midsole and DMX(TM) foam offer cushioning. DMX(TM) Shear Strip heel cushioning, footstrike management system reduces impact of initial heel strike. Blown rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel deliver cushioning, traction and durability, forefoot flex grooves add flexibility.  Weight 10.2 oz.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 65

Three eye padded collar gibson with sporty sole. Cornerstitch construction lends to ease of flexibility for added comfort. Leather for softness while maintaining a rugged full-grain appearance.

The fabulous fringe trim lends a bit of boho chic to this retro design from Sam Edelman. The knee-high Luella Boot features a partial zip at the side for easy dressing and a cuff that can be worn up or down to vary the look. The smooth synthetic lining keeps it comfy, while the block heel lends just enough height for wearing stylishly with everything from skinny jeans to mini skirts.	Get in on the fringe trend with the Louella. This Sam Edelman boot brings you a folded cuff with top stitching and fringe trailing the shaft. A 3 inch stacked heel completes this earthy style.

The ideal shoe for motorsport enthusiasts and a lifestyle statement at the same time (not fireproof). The Puma Speed Cat features a soft Nubuck upper for comfort and great-looking style. Oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole keeps you on your toes, ready to go. This cat's ready to pounce!

Handcrafted in Italy since 1962, Sensi Sandals are ideal at the beach, spa, pool, or after sports. All Sensi sandals utilize a unique patented footbed for excellent drainage. Perforations in the footbed allow water and sand to flow through and be pumped out of side ports as you walk, allowing cooling air to flow underfoot. Choose between two styles of cushioned footbed

La Sportiva Glacier EVO Men's Mountaineering Boots bridge the gap between heavy hiking boots and beefy mountaineering boots. The secret to the Glacier EVO Boots' versatility is their integrated Reactive Spoiler System in the cuffs which provide enough flexibility for the trail and plenty of support for glacier travel. Vibram New-Ice soles give you all the traction you need for dirt, mud, or snow, and the 1/2-length steel shank supports these boots for use with newmatic crampons.Product FeaturesMaterial

#56896  UPPER

The Isabella combines the popularity of a clog with relaxed huarache styling. Woven leather uppers feel immediately broken-in, and are supported by Keen's metatomical footbed. The EVA midsole cushions your feet with every step, while the rubber outsole features a spin on the original radial tire design, keeping your traction solid.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Boots*TORMENT-716, 5 1/2" 3 Buckle Blk Pu Calf BootAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

DUTY ready Western Chief Enforcer Boots. "Go ahead. Make my day!" Dirty Harry approved footwear is here! Now a discontinued style means Close-Out savings! Full-grain leather and nylon uppers; Oil-resistant rubber outsole offers cushioning and grip; Removable, polyester-lined, dual-density, polyurethane insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking Taibrelle lining; Padded tongue and collar; 3/4-gusseted tongue locks out debris. Each approx. 8" h., 20 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Today! Men's Western Chief Enforcer Boots, Black

Leather, suede or patent leather upper, rubber outsole.

The ASICS Gel Cheer Diva combines innovative design with performance engineering, resulting in an all-around performance cheer shoe. Synthetic leather upper offers easy care and maintenance. GEL cushioning system provides shock attenuation. Perforated upper allows increased air flow. Wt. 7.9 oz.

Padded tunnel back with fully adjustable two strap vamp. Long and Short straps with Diamante buckles giving three fastening options.

Justin 13" Saltillo Boots. Justin Boots are for people going places. Whether your life is centered in the asphalt jungle or 20 miles from civilization, a pair of quality Boots carefully crafted from durable leather can make your journey a little easier. Check them out

Work hard, play harder and everything in between. This comfy, secure tote will keep you organized so you can get it all done. Plenty of room and extra security

Rockport Piedmont Casuals... fast movers that are BIG BUCKS OFF! Hip styling, teamed with legendary Rockport comfort! That's a sure winner, and this discontinued style wins you big-buck savings! Premium, full-grain leather uppers for long-lasting good looks; Special PMEVA outsole provides lightweight cushioning while reducing foot / leg fatigue; Tri-Ply footbed with EVA foam and Ortholite lining for anti-microbial, moisture absorption cushioning; Wicking mesh lining for cool, dry feet; Padded tongue and collar go easy over the miles; Each approx. 4"h. and a very light 13 ozs. State Width

Women's Quark Liberty Clogs, these popular Quark Clogs put all others in the heavy / bulky category. Average single Liberty Clog is a mere 3 ozs. Unbelievably durable, yet lightweight... even floats; One-piece, blown EVA and rubber for lightweight durability; Serves as an easy 4-season indoor shoe, too; Fully functional in wet or dry conditions; Raised heel alleviates pressure with every step; Back strap folds forward for easy-on option.; State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Get yours now! 2 Prs. of Women's Quark Liberty Molded Clogs, Coral / Calm Blue

New trail running technology that brings some serious swift, keeping adventure racers centered and efficient to maintain speed over changeable terrain. Proprietary TrailSpring design positions visible tubes bi-sected by support beams in a full-length TPU plate to inhibit overpronation and cushion heel-strike. Trail Balanced last with integrated arch bridge stabilizes the heel while freeing the forefoot for easy toe off. Both quick-cinch Airmesh upper and Air Cushion sole (with Q-form stride alignment for women) drain readily and are gaiter-compatible. Vibram Full Speed II sole features heel-centering cutaway design and flex grooves for propulsion at the forefoot.

The Asolo Fugitive GORE-TEX Wide hiking boots for men are lightweight rugged boots that both recreational and advanced hikers will enjoy. The Asolo wide fit increases the width of the boot at the ball of the foot base of the big toe to base of the pinky while keep traditional heel and instep fit and support. GORE-TEX lining wicks moisture away from your feet and prevents outside moisture from invading. The water-resistant suede and Cordura upper is lightweight and toughmoving with you while protecting your feet from outside hazards. Duo Asoflex board provides comfort and support Anatomic Lite 2 footbed Syncro rubber sole 690g 1/2 pair size 8.5

Breezy, lightweight mesh fabric upper in a low backed sporty casual clog		With a molded rubber toe cap		Two layer flow-through mesh design with internal M strap		Side bungee elastic cords for a perfect fit		Smooth padded collar		Soft mesh lining		Cushioned comfort footbed with Q-Form design		Air Cushion comfort midsole. Flexible, stabilized Breakwater outsole for wet/dry traction

Sanuk traveled to the Mayan highlands to source the Guatemalan fabric that lines the footbed and straps of the comfortable Poncho sandal. The soft anatomical footbed offers terrific comfort and arch support, and the lightweight flexible rubber outsole provides grip. With a colorful pattern that makes people smile, and excellent comfort to match, it's no wonder this is one of Sanuk's top ten most popular styles.	Sanuk's classic line. You know you wanna be wearing some classic lines...A New Take on a classic Sandal!Super soft, high rebound EVA footbed with Poncho/Donny sock linerPoncho/Donny strap with synthetic liner and Sanuk logo printHappy U OutsoleVegan and Vegetarian

It's obvious that Propet's Pucker shoe has dressy-casual good looks. What you may not know, though, is that it also features a quick-on, quick-off hook-and-loop closure for convenience along with a padded collar and tongue, a removable cushion orthotic, and durable arch support for unbelievable comfort.	It's obvious that the Propet Pucker Moc Strap has dressy-casual good looks. This men's slip on features a full grain, supple leather upper. The wide Velcro closure instep strap and padded collar and tongue provide a secure and comfortable fit. The cooling mesh lining and cushioning, removable EVA insole keeps your feet feeling dry and and comfortable all day long. Extended supportive heel counters add extra stability along with a shock-absorbing midsole. This Propet casual shoe also has a durable, lightweight polyurethane traction outsole. Ease on down the road in the Propet Pucker Moc Strap.

Fila began in 1911 in the small alpine town of Biella, Italy, a place renowned for manufacturing the world's finest textiles and weaving fabrics with impeccable quality, true innovation, and extraordinary beauty. Born of the city and its traditions, Fila is inspired by Biella's dedication to artistry, luxury, and elegance. It's Fila's birthright, it's in their soul, and it defines their future. They continue to enrich the athletic experience by improving comfort and performance with Italian design, quality craftsmanship, and refined materials. There is no feeling quite as luxurious as that of playing in Fila, and that is the reason for Fila's existence. They create what is desired, not just what is necessary.

BRAKE SHOES QUD ATB CANTIPOST RED

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The perfect shoe for dressed-up occasions, and not a bad choice for casual days either. The Steve Madden Eclypse is a men's leather shoe that features a non-skid sole for traction and durability.

Heel Height

The Reebok Pump Omni Lite SE features a full-grain leather upper with quarter and collar mesh panels and quarter TPU lacing structure. Pump bladder offers the ultimate in comfort and fit technology. Herringbone rubber outsole pattern, Hexalite technology. Wt. 17.4 oz.

The K-Swiss Albury II kids' shoe features a chic, retro look for on and off the court. The signature stitched-on stripe detailing and embroidered logo accents offer classic style, and the two-tone metal D-Ring lacing system ensures a lockdown fit.

Even if your first mate is still a little pup, the Coast boat shoe can let anyone feel like an authentically salty sea-dog. Thats because a hook-and-loop closure gives this shoe a secure fit for even the youngest of sailors. All the other details are true to the boat shoe credo  a classic moc profile, 360 degree lacing system and grippy rubber outsole.	The Polo by Ralph Lauren Coast EZ boat shoes give them a stylish dose of prepster cool.Canvas and fabric upper in a casual boat shoe style with a round moc toeEmbroidered Polo logo accentsHook and loop instep strapBoat shoe-style decorative laces on sidesTextile lining and cushioning insoleRubber midsole with textured bumper toeRubber traction outsole

Men's Lowa Banff 6" Backpacking Boots These Lowa Banff Backpacking Boots are made for on and off-trail use with heavy 50 to 60-lb. packs for extended trips in the backcountry. Handcrafted construction, the finest leathers, Vibram outsoles and SPS (supine, pronation, support) midsole technology are just some of the reasons why Lowas are the Boots of choice for rugged, off-trail adventure. More details

Here is a hot and basic pump, made for the not-so basic girl. The Elaya pump from Enzo Angiolini has a smooth leather upper, an almond shaped toe, and a sexy tall heel. Walk with comfort and confidence with its cushioned insole, soft leather lining, and a lightly textured outsole, and youll be assured to get noticed even more than before.	Brand and Style - ENZO ANGIOLINIElaya    Size - 8    Width - Medium (B, M)    Color - Black    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

iglou pink suede 110

Silk-screen printed. Constructed from 100% cotton canvas with seamed corners. Reinforced black bottom and sturdy cotton web handles. Artist Adeline Halvorson. 12.00 inches tall x 4.00 inches long x 12.00 inches wide

Genuine soft deerskin upper, leather lined, EVA sole that can be worn indoors and outdoors.

Synthetic leather upper. CMEVA midsole with forefoot GEL Cushioning System. NC Rubber(TM) outsole for excellent traction.  Weight 9.8 oz.

Leather/mesh upper with lightweight CMEVA midsole for cushioning and flexibility, ABZORB in heel for exceptional shock absorption. Walking strike path outsole stabilizes the foot through the gait cycle. Wt. 9.8 oz.

Stylish, comfortable Dr. Martens 5-Eyelet Scanner Boots! SAVE NOW! Don't need toes of steel? These Scanner Boots have safety toes that are made of a non-metallic, super-tough composite material. They still protect you and keep you looking great. But, because they're non-metallic, they won't set off metal detectors and security scanners used at some facilities. I hope you won't miss all the attention. These boots are made of heavy milled, oiled full-grain leather that's very durable. They're also lightweight and comfortable for less stress and fatigue on your feet. My deal with the manufacturer means huge savings for you! More details

clint black leather 85

Designed with love, pediped footwear combines comfort and fashion into a shoe that is pediatrician recommended. Their construction enables babies to sense the ground beneath their feet as they learn how to walk, and to develop foot strength as they grasp with their little toes. pediped footwear is the 'next best thing to bare feet'.	COMFORT

Classically elegant, this ballroom shoe from Capezio is a must-have for beginners and professionals alike. The smooth leather shoe boasts a T-strap design with an adjustable buckle closure for a custom fit. The leather sole makes gliding across the floor even easier.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

#661375  Attack the Goal with the +Predator Absolion Boot with Traxion technology from adidas

#012794  For Absolute comfort indoors, Get the +Absolado Indoor Boot from adidas

Capezio's Pedini shoe is perfect for both jazz and lyrical performances. Its soft leather upper molds to a comfortable fit with a minimal instep design for arch exposure. The split sole features a suede patch under the ball of the foot for easy turning and gliding, and is padded for support and helps absorb shock. Also features a traditional buckle closure.	Soft, durable leather upper. Patented, two-piece, split-sole design with minimalist instep provides notable arch exposure. Contoured suede forefoot patch provides traction. 3/4" Cuban EVA heel. Non-slip heel counter offers outstanding support. Split sole suede socklining provides comfort, traction, and moisture absorbency. Appropriate for lyrical, modern, contemporary, and teaching. Also available in child sizes. Begin with street shoe size.

Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids family of children's shoes and accessories are built to outfit your little ones from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child can now wear Western Chief's array of products in any kind of weather. They even have slippers, so kids can wear their favorite characters indoors!	Splash in puddles with these toothy Dino rainboots for all day fun!  Made with all natural rubber.  Just in case a few raindrops sneak in the moisture-absorbing cotton linings will do the trick.  Two handles make it easy for kids to pull them on and off.  Lightly treaded rubber outsole.

Be the Envy of the office in this pump from Aerosoles. Its tapered square toe and stacked heel offer a classic silhouette, while the padded insole and flexible rubber outsole offer the great comfort you'd expect from this brand.	Since 1987, Aerosoles has developed high quality, comfortable and fashion-right shoes at affordable prices. Aerosoles offers a vast assortment of women's shoes to suit every occasion, from office wear to weekend gear and everything in between.

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.

GoLite made the Trail Fly Women's Trail Running Shoes for runners who consider ten-miles in the woods to be a morning jog. Their Trail Speed soles allow each lug to move independently and give you full traction for every step of your run. Thanks to a fully synthetic upper and heel cup stabilizer, the Trail Fly Shoes support your ankles on everything from an afternoon run to a multi-day adventure race. GoLite also incorporated a large amount of mesh into the construction for uninhibited breathability on hot summer days.Product FeaturesMaterial

Limited Edition Reebok Omnilite Pump, BIG BUCKS OFF! Reebok Pump air chamber "pumps up" for a custom fit and better stability on the court. Full-grain leather uppers with mesh panels; Rubber multi-directional outsole; EVA midsole, removable EVA insole and Hexalite air chambers absorb shock and cushion your feet; Mesh lined; Exo-skeleton design provides added stability; Approx. 5 1/2" h., 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order ONLINE Now! Men's Reebok Omnilite Pump, Black

Nothing is easier to slip in and go than a simple slide, and the Dormie sandal from Daniel Green is the height of stylish ease. A cushioned footbed and flexible sole make these a dream to walk in, and the reptile-inspired pattern and texture add a touch of glamour.	Daniel Green Dormie Slippers. Daniel Green offers a vast assortment of modern silhouettes as well as coveted classics to suit any style. When it comes to thoughtful design and superior comfort, look no further than Daniel Green Slippers. Features

The Chuck Taylor All Star has developed into one of the footwear world's most versatile canvases, and now we've turned loose innovative artist, Tiffany Malakooti, to create a masterpiece. Like all quality works of art, this Converse shoe bears the marks of the creator ... just look inside for the signature and a description of the artist and artwork. Here's a chance to wear your art on your feet. Canvas upper, rubber outsole.

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.	Women's Life Stride, Dhana low heel slip on Loafer  Look great in this slip on loafer style  Man-made uppers with a rounded toe shape  Strap with buckle at the toe  Elastic stretch panels on the sides for a flexible and secure fit  breathable Fabric linings  Padded insoles  1 inch low heel  Man-made outsole

The Lakewood slip-on from Bostonian will help you look and feel your best. The sleek, shiny leather upper is accented by penny loafer detailing, and, whether paired with business or dressy looks, will sharpen up your attire perfectly. The lightly padded insole is perforated for breathability, to help deliver cool confidence.	Look relaxed yet dressy in these handsome loafers from Bostonian. Polished leather upper in a dress slip on loafer style, with a tapered round stitched and seamed moc toe. Loafer style instep overlay, side stitching and seaming accents. Matching collar and heel overlays with stitching details. Smooth faux leather lining, cushioning faux leather topped insole. Dress style midsole, 1 inch stacked capped heel. Smooth sole with traction pad.

Sesto Meucci is the leader in comfortable, Euro-styled shoes, and the Eddis mule is no exception to the rule. The calfskin upper is detailed with nail-head studs, giving this squared-toed beauty a sophistication all its own. Catch an eye (or two) with this unique mule, whether you wear it to work with your favorite cropped pants or to the store with your most comfortable pair of jeans.	Sesto Meucci has the latest silhouettes, colors, and textures made in Italy and Spain by the finest Italian technicians. Their reputation for fit and comfort has been well known and uncompromised for 30 years.

Become a master of camouflage in the Kelme Kameleon TRX 4 soccer shoe that changes appearance with every move. Kangaroo leather upper. Contact-grip vamp piece. Unique chameleon color. Wt. 9.6 oz.

The Mary jane tap shoe from Capezio is the perfect basic for any tapper. The leather shoe features a traditional buckle closure, a rubber skid pad for a non-slip grip, teletone taps, and a foam insole that will keep your feet comfortable and in control.	Leather or patent PU upper. Pre-attached Tele Tone toe and heel taps mounted on fiberboard. Minimal toe spring. Micro rubber outsole for strength and flexibility. Foam insole provides shock absorption and added comfort. Cotton socklining and hung lining. Scored rubber non-skid pad. Non-slip heel counter. Wide leather, cotton lined, buckle strap closure. Harder micro rubber heel matches the shoe color. Also available in child sizes with a Velcro strap closure. Begin with street shoe size.

4.5 inch Heel Lamy Sandal Women's Size Shoe With 1/2 inch Platform and Rhinestones.

Cartwheels? Naw. Handsprings for Ladies by Rockport. Comfort from heel to toe, with big savings! Here are the Shoes for females on the go. Zippy, full of style, lightweight and big bucks off, due to a style change! Full-grain nubuck leather uppers; Grippy rubber outsole; Cushioning Phylon midsole; Removable, cotton-lined, padded insole for comfort; Cotton lining; Stitch-down heel for stability; Each approx. 4" h. and 10 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Get yours ONLINE now at a huge discount! Ladies' Rockport Handsprings, Red

Go back to the basics with the Cozumel toe thong from Birkenstock. This simple yet uber-stylish sandal has a silky suede upper, adjustable buckle closure, cross front straps that hug the toe for a perfect fit, a suede-lined footbed, and a high tread outsole for sure footing with every step. Pair it with a long flowing cotton skirt for a relaxed and breezy look.	An elegant cross-strap, toe loop sandal with an adjustable strap in a variety of materials.  A most popular style and wardrobe basic.Product Details

Women's 5 Inch Stiletto Heel Sandal With Ankle Strap

jumpp red fabric 85

An oversized tote that goes anywhere! Made with our highest grade 600 denier polyester and quality construction; zippered top opening, front pockets, zippered inside pocket, keyholder and black web handles. Measures 15.5"w x 15.75"h x 7.25"d.

This chic and versatile shoe has terrific comfort features and a fashionable silhouette that will take you anywhere in style. Worn with pants, it has the look of a loafer, yet it offers the slip-on ease and comfort of a mule. It features a buttery-soft full-grain leather upper with loafer-style stitching and a roomy rounded toe. A smart-looking buckle strap across the vamp adds interest with its shiny metal buckle and grommets. This shoe has a smooth footbed and a cushioned insole for walk-all-day comfort. The flexible outsole adds a spring to your step, and the 1-inch stacked-look heel gives it a dressy look. Perfect with slacks or jeans, this is the shoe you'll reach for again and again.	Heel Height

Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.

Unique UniSole construction maximizes traction through increased contact with the mat. Integrated lace cover conforms to high school, collegiate and international regulations.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	This boot features a soft, supple suede leather constuction with a fully padded insole. Hardsoles offer a thin crepe outsole.

BRAND NEW ITEM, Licensed Products. Contact us for MORE ANIME items, Figures, Statue, Manga, Character Goods, Anime DVD, Wall Scroll, and MORE!!!

Ingenuity goes a long way toward compensating for lack of capital, an axiom Kenneth Cole proved back in the early 1980s when he launched his fledgling shoe store out of a borrowed truck parked along a fashionable Midtown Manhattan street. Gaining a parking permit required a clever ruse. Cole added the word "Productions" to his company name, reinvented himself as a film director, hired models as "actors," and got a license to shoot a film appropriately titled The Birth of a Shoe Store. Kenneth Cole Productions, Inc. (the tongue-in-cheek name remains to this day) may not have produced much actual film that day, but it did sell an impressive number of shoes. Today, Kenneth Cole Reaction blends fabulous fashion with functionality, creating urban-inspired footwear for work or play.	Flex your fashion muscle wearing the Kenneth Cole Reaction T-Flex oxfords.  Leather upper in a dress oxford style with an apron seamed square toe and seaming accents.  Four-eyelet lacing.  Smooth lining and cushioned, removable insole.  Traction patterned rubber outsole.

A great looking cowboy boot that supports your feet for all-day wear? You've hit pay dirt with the Ariat Heritage Stockman boot. Traditional etched and stitched design on the leather foot and shaft provides style, but it's the gel-padded insole, molded orthotic footbed, and keep-dry sock liner that makes these your everyday, made-for-walking, pair.	These are the men's Heritage Stockman with full-grain leather foot and shaft and a six-row stitch pattern. They have a leather lining combined with a Duratred outsole.

Dating back to the 1800s, the Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the US, giving Frye products a long and illustrious history!  Today Frye remains true to its heritage and vintage roots, while continuing to innovate and expand its footwear for continuously fashionable designs using rich leathers and quality hardware.  Kick around in the rugged Logger 8G lace up work boot from Frye. This versatile boot has an oiled leather upper, a full lace up closure with nine eyelets, a roomy round toe, and a fully cushioned insole. Whether you're working hard or playing hard, the Logger will be your best comfort companion. Made in USA.   Shaft circumference is approx. 11", height approx. 8", stacked heel approx. 2".  Style #87925.  Gaucho.

The JanSport Purist 59 is your ticket to the backcountry, with an added compressor panel and diagonal ski system for loading gear. A great choice for weekend outings, the Purist has JanSport's Direct Connection suspension, a sleeping bag compartment, hydration-ready sleeve, bivy extension sleeve, and buckles with wings that are easily accessed even with gloved hands. It has a hydration sleeve with an exit for a drink tube, a toggle for hanging optional JanSport/Nalgene reservoirs, and fabric side pockets that fit quart bottles. The claw-style lid converts easily into a waistpack for short jaunts, and it includes a system of bungee cords for stashing more gear.  The Purist is ready for backcountry skiing, with a diagonal ski system for the new-school way to carry skis and side ski straps for the old-school method. Other features include a compressor panel to carry an avalanche shovel, a sleeping bag compartment with #10 zipper and zip-out floor, sleeping pad lashing straps, and zipper pulls with glow-in-the-dark tips.  Developed in conjunction with climber Ed Viesurs, the Direct Connection suspension is designed to provide serious climbers and hikers with maximum support for load control and reduced fatigue. The system directly connects the stays to the hipbelt for efficient weight transfer and the pack to your body with firmer components. It also convects moisture with breathable Brock foam and wicking meshes.  The ergodynamic, S-curved straps relieve stress from your shoulders, and are shaped to contour the natural shape of your upper torso. They disperse the weight across your back and increase air circulation. This pack features a hipbelt (35 to 52 inches), which is used to help distribute weight proportionally throughout the body. The main benefit of a hipbelt is to transfer weight from the shoulder straps to the hips.  Packed normally, the Purist has a 3600 cubic inch capacity. But you can overstuff it to 4000 cubic inches with the bivy extension sleeve, featuring dual drawcords and a top compression strap. This is helpful especially at the beginning of trips, when you'll be carrying more food.  Specifications

Ono's Carabelle sunglasses with built-in readers are built around a lightweight and stylish frame that provides a very comfortable feel.. They're crafted with reader magnification enhancement, to eliminate the need to switch glasses to read or perform other close-up tasks when outdoors. The polarized lenses offer glare reduction and a clear view.

-Materials

Founded over 100 years ago, Woolrich is the Original Outdoor Company. Woolrich is committed to being solely customer focused, and not selling out to the "disposable" trends of today.

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	Stacy Adams Moc - toe Chukkas, ON SALE! Perfect for office and casual wear, a blend of sophistication and comfort. Roam the town in these

Award yourself a gold medal in the retro-cool sneaker competition wearing the Onitsuka Tiger Mexico 66. Introduced in 1966, this was the first shoe with the famous tiger stripes and worn at the Olympic games in Mexico in 1968. History lessons aside, this is one sweet sneak with a tonal leather and suede upper, soft lining and traction-loving outsole.	Asics Onitsuka Tiger Mexico 66

iglou brown suede 110

Frye boots are known for their quality craftsmanship and long-lasting wearability, and the Rogan is certainly no exception. With its fine, durable leather upper, buckle detailing, and fully cushioned insole, you're ensured comfort and good looks, always.	Frye boots are known for their quality craftsmanship and long-lasting wearability, and the Rogan is certainly no exception. With its fine, durable leather upper, buckle detailing, and fully cushioned insole, you're ensured comfort and good looks, always. This boot features a rubber and leather sole for flex and comfort. The boot shaft measures approximately 9 1/4" in height, the heel measures approximately 1 1/4" and the boot opening measures approximately 14" in circumference. Style #87196.

iglou brown suede 70

This is a SALE shoe. Grab it while it lasts!

A performance walking shoe with a stretch flex system that provides a customized, cushioned fit with every stride. ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers cushioning and shock absorption on impact. Rollbar with TPU post maximizes stability by strategically positioning a piece of graphite for pronation control. Walking strike path outsole stabilizes foot throughout walking gait cycle, providing a smooth, stable ride. Synthetic and mesh upper delivers comfy, breathable support. Wt. 10.2 oz.

Loaded, but light in price. SAVE BIG BUCKS on Avia Running Shoes. Here's a pair that offers you EVERYTHING... supreme traction, superior padding and stability, ventilation, moisture management, reflective material to make sure you're seen, and an unbelievable price! A blend of mesh and synthetic uppers for breathability and long-lasting performance; Dura-Stryk rubber outsoles for grip; Impact-absorbing polyurethane and EVA midsole; ECTO Cantilever System acts like a trampoline to reduce impact, stabilize the heel and return energy into the next step; Removable Ortholite comfort foam insoles; Mesh odor and fungus-resistant lining wicks like crazy; 3M Scotchlite reflective accents; Approx. 4 1/2"h., 14 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Now! Men's Avia Running Shoes, White / Navy / Yellow

Nubuck or leather upper with rubber outsole.

Made in Brazil of the finest, softest rubber, the Brazil from Havaianas is an ultra-comfortable flip-flop that you'll want to live in this summer. This slip-on thong has a molded rubber upper with a Havaianas flag badge, a shock absorbing multi-tone striped midsole and a durable rubber outsole for a steady step. Whether you're poolside or racing through the grocery store, the Brazil will keep you light on your feet all season long.	Leather is the new black..Womens SandalsFootbed Made Outta Real Yoga Mat!Premium Leather Upper with Poncho Textile LinerHappy U Outsole

One of Sanuk's best-selling sandals! The Sanuk Payday is a women's casual sandal that feature a soft EVA topsole and Happy-U outsole for lasting comfort.

Know anybody born in 1932, 1944, 1956, 1968, 1980, 1992, or 2004? According to the Chinese Zodiac, these are the Years of the Monkey. These Monkey people are waiting for someone to get them a monkey key chain! Handcrafted in Italy with real Tuscan leather.	*About Gianni's Unique Leather Key Chains*	Each leather keychain is hand-crafted in Italy using vegetable-tanned Vacchetta leather and innovative applications of ancient stitching techniques. From flowers, animals, to fruits, Gianni is the "master of miniatures" - each design is a product of careful research and innovation. The leather says "Eternally Classy", the inventive designs say "Unique", and the Italian origin says "Only the Best"! As with many leather accessories, these leather key chains look great worn-in ... they will grow even more beautiful with age and use!

Bring a spare, Asian-inspired style to either professional or casual couture with these low-heeled pumps. They feature a smoothly flowing leather upper and a little kitten heel.	A must-have for either the professional or casual couture, this low-heel style from Chinese Laundry is sure to bring you the versatility you're looking for in a pump. Features a smooth leather upper with a trendy pointed toe and flattering lines. Slightly padded insole for added comfort. Flexible midsole and textured man-made and non-marking outsole. Heel height 1 1/2.

The mini nappa leather upper on this Nurse Mates shoe feels great. The leather is treated with a stain resistant finish that will help to keep your Nurse Mates shoes in like new condition.The Pillow Top footbed with memory foam will form to the shape of your feet to provide you with a custom fit.The inside out Opanka construction gives these shoes unique flexibility and helps to keep these Nursemates lightweight. Polurethane outsoles are lightweight and flexible. The heel height is 2 inches.The strap can be slung over the arch area or to the rear to wrap around your heels. Either way, you are walking in comfort in theses Nurse Mates 239904 Caitlin Energy Core Clogs nursing shoes.Medium 5-10,11 Wide 6-10,11

BCBG DOBLES2 K Style# DOBLES2 K Size

Nappa Leather Envelope Photo Holder. Securely take up to twelve 4" x 6" photos with you wherever you go, with this handy Top Grain Nappa Leather envelope photo holder. Dimensions

Birko-Flor upper with microfiber liner, EVA sole, cork/ latex footbed, raised toebar.     European Size 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47   U.S. Size  (men's) 7-7.5 8-8.5 9-9.5 10-10.5 11-11.5 12-12.5 13-13.5 14-14.5

jumpp black fabric 110

4.5 inch Heel Wrap-up Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Rhinestone T-Strap.

Disposable Polyethylene Shoe Covers. Waterproof unless punctured. Textured to aid against slipping. Over sized to fit most any shoe and many sizes of work boots. Heel to toe stretches to 14". Opening stretches to 13". Shown on Men's size 12 steel toe boot. Replaces BSC3501B-100. Economy shoe covers are intended for light, one-time, limited use.

Designed with wide strap-hip high placement for comfort. Inside divider with zippered pocket and pleated outside pocket for easy access to phone, keys, glasses, etc...The color of the bag in the picture is Taupe. Measures 15 x 9 x 4

Your shoes will steal the show! The mid-cut design of the Reebok Pump Show Stopper basketball shoe provides added stability and support. External Pump adds custom fit and added ankle support. High-abrasion rubber herringbone outsole adds traction and durability. Wt. 16.8 oz.

Lace 'em up and you'll know immediately why the Accel is S's signature shoe. This classic style is lightweight, with plenty of cushioning, flexibility, and board control, so it's as functional as it is stylish.	Old school rules with the #233;S Accel skate shoe.  Suede and leather upper in a technical skate shoe style with a round, perforated toe and triple-stitched toe cap.  Contrasting wrap overlays, perforated retro-style side panels, full lace-up front, padded collar and tongue, dual elastic tongue straps.  Textile lining and removable cushioning insole with a Silithane(R) heel crash pad and hidden TPR underlay, EVA full-length internal midsole.  400 NBS grippy gum rubber outsole.

135700 Features

In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.

Recommended by five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Womens specific fit, full-length SpEVA midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Wt.7.0 oz.

High style, with all-day comfort! Born Bannock Lace-to-Toe Casuals. Comfort and good looks, together like best friends, thanks to famous maker Born and these top-of-the line Lace-to-toes. Stylish, super-breathable perforated leather construction keeps feet comfortable even if you're riding 'em all day long. Great for business casual, evening social events or just relaxing at home. And of course, these are a great bargain, too! More

Score an Ace with this indoor tennis shoe from Ektelon. Synthetic and mesh work together to deliver a durable upper that is both flexible and supportive. The grippy rubber sole provides traction on the court, so that next point wont go to your opponent. Game on.	The Ektelon QT Scream indoor court shoe is a lightweight, performance shoe boasting a non-marking gum rubber outsole, a Titanium-reinforced midfoot shank, a removeable EVA sockliner with padded EVA forefoot and heel inserts, and a secured cord lacing system.

A technical trail racing flat focusing on stability, traction and lightweight cushioning. Geared towards efficient runners who perform shorter faster-paced races. The ultimate shoe for short trail races and fast backcountry excursions.

When temperatures drop, that's when the Abigail steps in. This shearling-lined boot keeps things warm by providing insulation through the chill of Fall and into the deep freezes of Winter. Button detailing along the shaft adds a touch of pop to the soft suede upper, while the flexible rubber sole provides traction when things get slick. The sheepskin insulation naturally wicks away moisture, giving you a dry, comfortable boot that you can't help but cozy up to.	When temperatures drop, that's when the Abigail steps in. This shearling-lined boot keeps things warm by providing insulation through the chill of Fall and into the deep freezes of Winter. Button detailing along the shaft adds a touch of pop to the soft suede upper, while the flexible rubber sole provides traction when things get slick. The sheepskin insulation naturally wicks away moisture, giving you a dry, comfortable boot that you can't help but cozy up to.

clint sand suede 80

Make your shoes one of a kind with new shoe laces.

Men's Ariat 16" Heritage Buckaroo Western Boots. These Ariat 16" Heritage Buckaroo Western Boots boast 4LR technology. If you like riding horse, or just want all day comfort from a pair of Cowboy Boots, check out these kicks. Great features... great value

In 1935 Paul Sperry invented the world's first and most enduring boat shoe. Where all other footwear brand have laid claim to every inch of terra firma, from the highest snowcapped peaks to the lowest desert valley, from baseball diamonds to basketball courts, Sperry Top-Sider has flourished by helping all who love the water master the world's final frontier -- the oceans, lakes and streams of Planet Earth.	Casual buck construction adds relaxed charm to Sperry Top-Sider's Tevin oxford.

Dressy wedge sandal for those warm weather events.		Leather uppers with decorative stud detailing.		Adjustable post sling-back strap for a perfect fit.		Two-piece padded leather sock lining with metatarsal support.		Stacked wedge heel.		Leather sole with rubber insert.		Made in Italy.		2 3/4" heel.

Waterproof Construction Keeps Feet Dry in Wet Conditions New Ultra-Light Construction Reduces Foot Fatigue Removable and Full Length Molded Footbed with Wave-Comfort System for All Day Under Foot Comfort Padded Tongue and Collar for Added Comfort Around the Foot Molded EVA Cushion Midsole for All Day, Under-Foot Comfort Non-Marking Lugged Rubber Outsole with Wave-Siping for Versatile On/Off Water Traction

The adidas(r) women's classic tennis slip is a perfect baselayer to wear underneath your tennis dress. It's crafted using the moisture-wicking ClimaLite(r) performance fabric that draws sweat away from your skin to keep you cool and dry.

Your little Diva will be all dressed up in these adorable Glitter Mary Janes. Featuring a sweet bow and all-over dimensional glitter that will ensure she sparkles and shines with every step! A secure elastic strap completes this dazzling look! A must have shoe for all fashion forward Divas		Available in Red, Silver, Gold and Black	Toddler Girls Sizes 5 - 10		Suggested Size Chart		5 - 5 3/4" 	6 - 6" 	7 - 6 1/4" 	8 - 6 1/2" 	9 - 6 3/4" 	10 - 7"

coyl white paris 85

Height - 10"Sole Pattern - LugBlack All LeatherPadded Leather CollarOutsole - Vulcanized RubberRemovable Cushion InsoleCoated Aluminum Speedhook/Eyelet Lacing System

You work hard and your workboot should too. The Wolverine Gold 6" insulated waterproof boot will be reliable and supportive, thanks to a rugged waterproof leather uppertricked out with laces, padded collar, and Thinsulate insulationand a sole built to withstand extreme conditions and surfaces. Lace this boot up and forget about it.	Keep your feet warm and dry when you're working in wet conditions with the Men's Wolverine Soft-Toe Insulated Waterproof Work Boots (6 in.). Equipped with 400 grams of Thinsulate Ultra Insulation and waterproof nubuck leather uppers, the Wolverine Men's Soft-Toe Insulated Waterproof Work Boots (6 in.) will keep your feet comfortable in the wettest conditions.

You'll love the rugged styling of this Tantric sandal from Skechers. Your favorite laid-back silhouette just got a little more hip thanks to its deconstructed ragged edges and ultra-washed out textile upper. The EVA insole will mold to your foot and only get better and better over time.	Get in the mix with the SKECHERS Tantric-Fray sandal. Soft canvas upper in a classic thong sandal style with stitching and logo detail, fabric toe post. Cushioned comfort footbed. Flexible shock absorbing midsole. Traction outsole. No Sales Tax-except CA.

berlin black leather 55

Dashing Montrail Hardrock Trail Runners, PRICED LESS! Born to move with vigor! Whether you're on the trot, walk or full run, these Athletic Shoes are born to provide comfort, cushioning and support. Excess inventory kicks the usual price by BIG BUCKS! Synthetic leather and breathable mesh uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Shock-absorbing dual-density EVA midsole; Full-length TPU plate for stability; Removable, mesh-lined, dual-density insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; TPU heel counter for stability. Each approx. 4 1/2"h., 15 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Now! Men's Trail Runners, Gray / Blue

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, offers thousands of limited edition and one-of-a-kind gifts, jewelry, and home decor treasures handmade by master artists and artisans throughout the world. This sleek oval handbag is distinguished by its tightly woven texture and graceful shape. Crafted by hand of Balinese ate grass fiber, it is centered with a cross motif. An extremely strong natural fiber, ate grass is said to last 100 years. Ketut Wida Haryati employs its color and burnished texture to advantage.  Artisan Info

WATERPROOF Rockport slip - resistant Casuals, BIG BUCKS OFF! Off-duty favorites! Factory style changes paved the way for you to SAVE BIG on pure comfort! Waterproof, stylish, full-grain leather uppers; Hydro-Shield membrane ensures bone-dry feet; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Shock-absorbing EVA midsole; Fiberlon shank for stability; Removable, mesh-lined EVA insole with DMX air chamber for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; Each approx. 4 1/4"h., 15 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Treat your feet right. Order Up! Men's Rockport Waterproof Casuals, Black

Have some fun and shake your tail feathers with this pretty little Peacock handbag from Whiting & Davis. This flapper-inspired bag will add an aura of elegance and beauty to your presence with a flirty vintage appeal.	This beautiful printed metal mesh evening bag is reminiscent of Whiting Davis bags from the 1920's flapper era.

Designed for everyday wear, the Midnight from Skechers is a handsome and sporty way to kick up your style and add a trendy touch to any outfit. The smooth leather upper ensures a flexible fit, and the eye-catching contrast stitching, Skechers logo accents and perforated side stripes add interest. The full lace-up front, padded tongue, collar and soft fabric lining make for a comfortable feel, while the low-slung, flexible midsole and tractioned rubber outsole with toe, heel and side wraps keep you on your toes.	This new style from Skechers will take you way past midnight in comfort! Set in a lace-up style with leather upper and features side stripe detailing and contrast stitching throughout. Padded collar and tongue gives you comfort for all-day wear. Cushioned footbed for extra shock absorption. Rubber outsole with a toe and heel cap for optimal traction.

Birki's Collection

Mephisto's Rush is perfect for the woman on the go. The durable leather upper and laid-back style are great for relaxed outings and everyday wear, while the Soft-Air Technology and rubber sole give you comfort and support where you need it most.	Classic lace-up comfort shoe. Genuine leather or nubuck uppers. Padded footbed for added comfort. Flexible sole for easy walking.

cult 26011 bbk 8.5

Propet's leather Stability Walker is filled with high-tech comfort designed to take you through a full day of walking and beyond  Leather upper  Padded collar with Achilles v-notch  Padded tongue  Removable cushioned insole  Shock-absorbing outsole  Adjustable hook and loop closure for easy on/off  1-1/2 heel

The Mary Lou sneaker from Propet was specifically designed for the woman who is on her feet all day. Tagged with a 1,000 mile guarantee, this lightweight, soft leather sneaker will hug your foot with perfection, while the hook and loop strap will secure a perfect fit. What's more, the multi-directional tread will give you traction on multiple surfaces, while the removable shock absorber insole will keep you light on your feet from morning to night.	The Mary Lou Slip On sneaker from Propet was specifically designed for the woman who is on her feet all day. This lightweight, soft leather sneaker will hug your foot with perfection, while the hook and loop strap will secure a perfect fit. What's more, the multi directional tread will give you traction on multiple surfaces, while the removable shock absorber insole will keep you light on your feet from morning to night.

Take the comfort of your walking shoe to work, even when wearing a suit, with this leather oxford  Full grain leather upper  Microcellular cushion crepe sole  FOOTONIC II contoured, cushioned insert is removable  Padded tongue and collar  Flexible stitchdown construction

Fresh and fashion forward without being over the top, the Hale boot from Jessica Simpson adds a sexy edge to your fall and winter wardrobe. Featuring a full-side zip in a flowy pattern down the high 16-inch shaft, skid-proof sole, and a stretchy suede upper, these boots complement jeans, dresses, and skirts. Wear them for an unforgettable night on the town.	Jessica Simpson is famous for her fun, sexy style, and now her signature line of footwear, handbags, and sunglasses brings that same style home to you. From fun western boots to the latest dressy and casual looks, Jessica Simpson shoes, handbags, and sunglasses are where it's at for fun, flirty and fabulous fashion!

The La Sportiva Women's Exum Ridge is the go-to running shoe for steep mountain trails. Its synthetic leather and mesh upper provides lightweight, breathable support that also repels water. Inspired by climbing shoes, the Exum Ridge uses a unique lacing system to provide serious traction on hairball terrain. To-the-toe lacing gives adjustability and forefoot security in any condition. La Sportiva even added a reinforced rubber toe cap for top-of-the-line protection and durability. *AVAILABLE FOR NORTH AMERICAN SHIPMENT ONLY.Product FeaturesMaterial

Lasso yourself some Western comfort style, Missy! Women's Roper Chunk Wedge Boots, SALE SAVINGS! They're called the "Chunk Wedge," but they're actually sleek movers, with comfort a sure thing. Here's what these feisty fillies have going on... going on at a Close-Out price off the store price

Bronx shoes are designed in Holland by a team led by world-famous designer Mr. Frits Dijkmans, whose family has been in the shoe business for over 100 years. If you are looking for fashion-forward, European-inspired footwear, Bronx shoes are for you! Bronx is a known fashion leader in the shoe industry, and their shoes are sold in over 40 countries around the world to fashion-conscious consumers. Bronx styles are very European, fashion forward, and unique. We don't have to tell you that, you already know.

Classic-inspired style. Soft, tumbled leather upper with the original thin, one layer tongue. Die-cut EVA insert and rubber cupsole with herringbone traction design.  Weight 16.2 oz.

Prominent stitched seams and a trendy bicycle toe update this loafer, offered in soft suede or smooth leather.  The perfect combo of dressy and practical, it features generous cushioning at the collar and double elastic goring for an easy fit.  A low-profile lug sole delivers slip resistance.	Prominent stitched seams and a trendy bicycle toe update this loafer, offered in soft suede or smooth leather. The perfect combo of dressy and practical, it features generous cushioning at the collar and double elastic goring for an easy fit. A low-profile lug sole delivers slip resistance.

Women's Carolina Steel Toe AeroGrip Walking Oxford Shoes are lightweight and durable for long - lasting value! This pair was engineered for excellent comfort and safety. The slip-resistant AeroGrip sole and lightweight Nytek upper lead the way in shoe technology. A steel toe adds extra protection from your sometimes-hazardous workplace. The skinny

Race fans, start your engines. This cat's ready to pounce! The Puma Kart Cat II casual shoe puts a fresh spin on the classic race shoe. Full-grain leather and synthetic upper is strong and durable. Non-slippery rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

Rocky 10" Jasper Trac Waterproof Boots. 200 grams of Thinsulate Insulation; Guaranteed waterproof construction; Polar-Trac outsoles; Removable 3-ply liner; Suede leather uppers; Each approx. 10" h., and 29 ozs. Get yourself a GREAT pair of Boots! State Size and Width. Order your Rockys today! Men's Rocky 10" Jasper Trac 7908 200 grams Thinsulate Waterproof Boots

Sperry Top-Sider's Mako 2-Eye boat shoe is a classic style featuring a rich and breathable leather upper with sporty contrast stitching, 360-degree rawhide lacing, and rust-proof eyelets. Its versatile design lets you dress this shoe up or down, and the performance features won't disappoint

jumpp green fabric 100

Textured synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight breathability and support. Full-forefoot Nitracel offers superior cushioning. Rearfoot cushioning cartridge adds shock absorption and stability. TPU midfoot shank delivers midfoot stability. Wt. 8.2 oz.

The all-leather Chaco Women's Eclipse Sandal has an orthotic foot bed for incredible comfort and support. Chaco's flips are the only flip-flops the American Podiatric Medical Association approves for your feet because they offer arch support, shock absorbance, and stability. The supple leather straps go back farther on your feet so the Eclipses stay on better than the average flip-flop. A Vibram rubber sole gives you excellent grip on nearly any surface.Product FeaturesMaterial

###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

There's a reason this legendary indoor shoe still sells like mad. Perfection never goes out of style. Its soft leather upper and low-profile gum rubber outsole give the elite player ultimate control.	No Description

Blaze a new trail in this retro-inspired running shoe from Reebok. The soft leather   upper, detailed with contrast striping and patent trim, offers comfort and support. It has a   full lace-up entry and a Reebok Classic logo on the tongue. A die-cut EVA midsole and molded   EVA sockliner provide lightweight cushioning and support, and a traction-patterned rubber sole   delivers durability and grip.	There's a reason the Reebok Classic Blaze men's retro shoes are named as such. These throwbacks to the heyday of Reebok's 80s domination have a timeless look that appeals to people of all walks (and runs) of life. Reebok takes it one step further and adds a touch of individuality to each Classic they put out nowadays, like the colorway on these Blaze editions.You might not like all the retro issued shoes that are floating around now, but we're pretty sure that you'll fall in love with the Reebok Classic Blaze men's retro shoes. They feature a molded PU sockliner and comfy cushioning around the collar and tongue that give you all-day support, and the durable rubber outsole offers superb traction. The look of the sleek leather upper is an instant hit, and the patent leather accents add to the Reebok Classic Blaze men's retro shoes' flair. Get a real Classic today!

A rainbow of pastel colors give this flirty T-strap sandal a bright and summery look. Thin pastel strips on the dark tan wax leather upper form a pretty pattern that is repeated at the back of the heel. Full-heel coverage and a small adjustable buckle on the ankle strap create a secure fit. This shoe has a smooth, slightly padded footbed and a 3-1/4-inch stacked heel. It's perfect with jeans or dresses. About Carlos by Carlos Santana You know Carlos Santana for his soulful guitar licks and his distinctive Latin-tinged rock sound.    Now, get acquainted with the shoes. Multiple Grammy winner and Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Famer Santana has teamed with the Brown Shoe Company to create these fabulous shoes, which reflect the same creative passion and energy that abound in Santana's music. A portion of the proceeds from sales of these shoes goes to support the Milagro Foundation, an organization founded by Carlos and Deborah Santana to help underprivileged children around the world. The Milagro Foundation serves children in the areas of health, education and the arts, promoting the message that every child is a miracle (milagro), and deserves a safe, healthy, culturally-enriched life.	Brown Shoe Company and multiple Grammy winner, Carlos Santana, have worked together to bring you "Carlos by Carlos Santana" footwear. These shoes reflect the same passion and energy that is generated by Carlos Santana's music. A portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the Milagro Foundation, which partners with the nonprofit community to serve the needs of children and youth. Started in 1998 by Carlos and Deborah Santana, this foundation supports educational efforts to help children and youth live healthy, literate, and culturally enriched lives.

1 inch Heel Boot Women's Size Shoe With Foldover and Zipper.

Full-grain leather and suede accented upper, perforated for comfort and breathability with padded collar for comfort. Polyurethane midsole and outsole with herringbone pattern. **Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.**

Supple full-grain leather upper with traditional lace system. Die-cut EVA midsole with one-piece gumm rubber outsole.

This lightweight cast boot features a sturdy canvas upper.

205100SLG065 Features

The Reebok Pump Torch features pump technology, a series of inflatable chambers that allow you to custom-fit the Reebok ATR Pump Torch basketball shoe to your feet for maximum comfort, fit and support. Full foot chamber fits over the top of the foot, ankle, heel and midfoot. Leather and synthetic upper features breathable mesh for ventilation and a medial/lateral lace support system. Sculpted EVA midsole offers cushioning. High-abrasion, dimpled rubber outsole features a herringbone pattern for traction on the court. Wt. 17.4 oz.

Carry the spirit of the forest with you in this Tramper ankle boot from Minnetonka. The fringed shaft offers layers of texture, while lacing creates an adjustable fit. A grippy outsole offers traction and protection so you can wander off the beaten path.	Fashion and function combine with this stylish boot  Suede leather upper with fringe detail  Tie closure  Fully-padded foam insole for cushioned comfort  Rubber outsole  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

12-ounce cotton twill; cotton web handles. A great way to keep notebooks, important papers and other useful tools close at hand. Measures 14"w x 14"h x 3"d.

NEW FOR 2006!  Mizuno's primary youth cleat designed for the competitive youth athlete.  Patented 9-Spike technology dramatically enhances lateral stability and traction, providing a more stable platform for the athlete's performance.  Mizuno's Proflex construction that is engineered to provide a controlled flex for all the three primary baseball movements

What better way to support your Texas A Aggies year round than with the Texas A Aggies Printed Flip Flop? Innovative and trend setting designs have been fused with the colors and logos of your Texas A Aggies. Whether you're off to the beach, working in the yard, or just relaxing around the house, our flip flops will provide you with the ultimate in style and functionality. Officially licensed by the NCAA.

The Etonic Pro Health Walker provides all the comfort and support you need to walk your way to better health. A portion of the sales from the Pro Health Walker go directly to the American Diabetes Association to help fund research for the prevention and cure of diabetes. The Pro Health Walker features a supportive leather upper with EVA midsole for cushioning and comfort. Abrasion-resistant EVA outsole provides superior traction on a variety of surfaces. Wt. 8.6 oz.

coyl natural paris 50

coyl natural paris 55

RAMPAGE caters to the young contemporary woman, offering her eclectic, fashion-forward products to wear in every aspect of her constantly evolving lifestyle. The RAMPAGE customer is inspired by celebrities and has a huge appetite for designer inspiration.	Rampage 'Lucee' Peeptoe Slingback Wedge 	Clear Wedge Heel

The Prince QuikTrac Scream is a great all-around performance shoe with the Prince traditional foot shape.Color

Dear me... Deer Stags Side-zip Boots, ON SALE! Gleaming jet black styling! Look how they catch the light and shine like a new car at the dealership. What a nice mirror-like reflection on you! Pick from standard or moc-toe styles by famous Deer Stags for the ultimate in comfort. A minor style change spells big bucks off! Both feature

Crocs Professional Unisex Footwear

The OverGlove was developed for the artic weather of Alaska.  OverGlove is the ultimate layering system for your hands.  OverGlove's neoprene heat retention system guarantees warmer hands.  The OverGlove has been tested to keep the shell of a glove as much as 50 degrees F warmer.  The OverGlove is windproof and waterproof.

Ahh... There's nothing like a refreshing breeze while you're running. It feels great across your face, and now, thanks to the adidas CC Feather II men's running shoes, your feet can enjoy the same refreshing feeling. ClimaCool isn't just another moniker like "SuperSuave" or "FunkyFresh."  No, there's actual science to back this ClimaCool stuff up. It's a lightweight and breathable construction that provides maximum ventilation to your foot, keeping your tootsies cool, dry and happy as you go about your daily activities.They're as light as their name, thanks to the lightweight chassis and adiPRENE cushioning. The adidas CC Feather II men's running shoes not only comfort your feet in times of need, but they look great, too.  You'll feel confident enough to talk to that woman you always see on the trail that give you that shy smile, knowing that she will immediately be impressed with your handsome adidas CC Feather II men's running shoes. "Hmm... he's definitely a man who gets what he wants," she'll think.  Either that, or she'll brew over whether or not adidas makes women's running shoes that look that cool.

Uppers are twin faced sheepskin with suede heel guards. Outsoles are molded EVA that is very light and flexible. Note

The Times plain toe oxford from Deer Stags offers classic styling and maximum comfort. A great shoe for the office, or for dressing up your casual look, this contemporary oxford boasts a lightweight, cushioning insole that feels like walking on air.	Deer Stags The Times

The one-piece, lightweight, kangaroo leather upper of the Kelme Master EVO TRX2 soccer shoe offers glove-like fit. Contact-Grip vamp adds swerve and directioning. Extended tongue flap. Removable Flot System 2.0 insole with Poron based shock dispersion. TRX2 wide-lasted outsole with midsole shank increases torsional rigidity. Flexotex lasting board allows proper forefoot flex. Stitched and riveted for durability. Wt. 9.4 oz.

Dr Martens Industrial footwear achieves ANZI Z41 recognized standards for foot protection. The 8836 steel toe work boot uses full grain waxy leather leather lined in the quarter and vamp.  Patented air cushion sole resists oil, fat acid, petro and alkili HUD sole meets slip-resistant and EH electrical hazard protection standardsSteel toe meets ANSI C/75 standardsUS sizes only

The New Balance 700 baseball molded cleat offers the combination of support, comfort, and cushioning while maintaining excellent traction.

Wow! This shoe has it all. From classic Birkenstock comfort to the timeless elegance of Swarovski Krystals, this shoe dazzles. Wonderful for casual days or dressy evenings.Suede sock lining with transparent shock absorber at heel cupNatural core insole, (EVA) unit outsoleShock absorber technology in the soleSizes are in a German narrow which is the equivalent to a US mediumAvailable in emerald, plum, mink, and ruby100-percent leather nubuck upper with Swarovski Krystal trimHand cleanBetula Licensed By BirkenstockAt Betula, we aim to ensure that every person on the planet, regardless of nationality, age or background, has the opportunity to purchase a Betula footbed. Our experience and traditions in sole manufacture dating back to 1774 tell us how important the Betula footbed is for standing, walking, running - indeed for the general well-being of all people.

The Nautilus lace-up for men exceeds standards in protection and looks. This full-grain, black leather boot features a matching metatarsal guard over the laces. Along with an extreme temperature control system, heat-resistant to 360-degrees, you'll be safe and snug in these comfortable boots, at work or outdoors.	Drawing from their athletic footwear heritage, Nautilus Safety Footwear has incorporated the comfort and support of ergonomically designed athletic footwear construction with the tough safety features required by government standards. With their complete line of safety toe footwear -- featuring both steel toe and a new, re-designed, thinner composite toe -- Nautilus Safety Footwear has always strived to improve the quality of footwear comfort and safety for their customers.

Heavy Duty "Pack and Travel" Duffel Wader Bag. Pack your gear in this Heavy Duty Wader Bag for a day of fly fishing or duck hunting

This kitten heeled open toe slip-on is both sweet and sexy. The clear vinyl or solid fabric polka dotted vamp, slotted at the center, features a crisscross lace bow at the throat, a square toe design to the outsole, and a glossy, very flared 2-1/4-inch dress heel. The footbed is designed with poly leather lining and padding to the toe box, with a logo accented heel cushion. With its slightly sloped instep accentuating your foot's feminine curves, this sandal is the perfect excuse for a pedicure.	The Utopia is a slip-on pump featuring a round toe, cushioned insole, smooth lining, and a durable synthetic outsole.

The Swerve flat from Naughty Monkey is better than a good hair day. This sweet little flat has a raffia and hair-calf upper, a perfect rounded toe topped with a feminine bow, a soft leather lining, a cushioned insole, and a textured rubber outsole to prevent slips. You'll love the Swerve paired with something as simple as cropped pants and a cotton tee.	With nature as its inspiration, these unique and lovely skimmers are made to stand out from the pack.

Shoe Goo is a superior adhesive and sealant that easily and permanently repairs all types of footwear. It adheres to all kinds of materials, so use Shoe Goo to mend rubber soles, tears in canvas or leather tops or to stop shoe laces from fraying. It dries to a waterproof, flexible rubber. Available in original Clear or Black. Created for intense workouts.

No tools needed. Simply place the Shoes Away shoe organizer hooks over any door, then attach the organizer to the hooks. Its that simple! As seen on TV

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.	Simply chic pointed toe pump. Leather, patent leather, satin, synthetic leather, suede or fabric upper. Lightly padded footbed. Non-skid sole. A fabulous and versatile addition to your wardrobe. Heel Height

The Faux Shearling Low Top Booties by Kiddopotamus with all-new styling and luxe faux fur lining will keep your baby in cozy style!  The soles are soft and flexible as recommended for healthy foot development. The Booties are completely lined in plush faux fur for cozy comfort.  The outer layer is durable faux suede in fawn, pink or blue. The lower top opens wide to easily slip on baby's foot and secures for a custom, no-kick fit that adjusts as baby grows. They secure closed with self-fastener featuring a darling star appliqu.  The Low Top Booties come in three sizes for babies and toddlers.	The Faux Shearling Low Top Booties by Kiddopotamus with all-new styling and luxe faux fur lining will keep your baby in cozy style! The soles are soft and flexible as recommended for healthy foot development. The Booties are completely lined in plush faux fur for cozy comfort.

Sequins and embroidery add shimmer and shine to this day-to-day flat from Trotters. Wear it to work and all weekend long, the Francesca ballerina flat features a supple suede upper for a flatteringly shapely fit and the comfortable lift of a simple block heel.	The Trotters Francesca shoes feature a suede upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Going out on the town, concert or to a baseball game? Leave that bulky purse at home

Get the classic tough-as-nails desert boot sole - genuine DOD-approved manufacture... SAVINGS PRICED! If you love the durability of the Army's original Dessert boot sole, this is for you. Made to exact military spec. by DOD-approved maker Altama, these Boots have the Army's original-issue one-piece rubber sole... it just keeps wearing and wearing. Have a look

Sandro Moscoloni has been making fine handcrafted footwear for over thirty years, and the commitment to quality and style is the utmost goal. After many years of intense research and product testing, Sandro Moscoloni created the anatomic gel construction -- it has now been over five years and the true test of their success has been proven in the marketplace with an overwhelmingly positive response from customers. They hear almost daily that they have created "the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn." In combining the natural leather uppers, sheepskin linings, cushioned insoles, and the exclusive Anatomic Gel Construction, Sandro Moscoloni has developed the ultimate comfort shoe. Product research and creativity continue to evolve, and they offer many different patterns and exclusive designs giving today's discerning consumer the feel and look they desire.

Never go out of style. Soft garment leather upper gives you superior comfort. Die-cut EVA midsole provides lightweight cushioning. Molded PU sockliner adds comfort and durability. And best of all, Classic Leathers come in width sizing for a custom fit.	Express your style with Reebok Classic Leather. This women's sneaker features a soft leather upper in a tapered design. The molded sockliner provides comfort, cushioning, and durability. This Reebok sneaker has an EVA midsole and abrasive rubber outsole for lightweight cushioning, traction, and durability. Best of all, the Classic Leather comes in width sizing for a custom fit. Never go out of style with the Reebok Classic Leather!

Stretch Boot Has Rounded Toe, 1 Inch Heel, Back Zipper, And Measures Approximately 14 Inches In Length. Item May Not Contain Box

Moonsus is a collection of sensational executive handbags exclusively designed for female professionals. Since early 2001, Moonsus has been dedicated to fulfilling the needs of working women by providing a full line of products, including notebook cases, laptop bags, portfolio cases, computer backpacks, briefcases and accessories. Functionality, femininity, elegance, and innovative design are found in every Moonsus product. Whether you are in need of a dependable work tote, stylish handbag, or wallet, Moonsus offers a variety of beautiful and functional accessories to help you look good and stay organized.	Luxury and glamour for daily life.

Rocky GORE - TEX Eliminator Boots are 100% waterproof, breathable and insulated. AND, PRICED LESS! Salute

Synthetic upper, encapsulated injected EVA midsole with adiPRENE, TorSion System. A3 energy management technology comprised of polyurethane components for cushioning, guidance and stability. High traction, non-marking herringbone outsole.

Gothic Platform Shoes With Hearts, Ankle Strap, And 5 Inch Heel

Wolverine Boots is the industry leader in comfort technology. Wolverine Boots has made a lot of good safety boots and safety shoes. Wolverine Safety Boots are lightweight, built to last, and guarantee all-day comfort. Convert Shock to Energy with All-Day Performance are safety boots that guarantee all day comfort and durability. 10" Full Grain Leather Wellington with Wolverine Performance LeatherDri-Lex Lining Removable Full Cushion Tri-Density Polymer InsolePolyurethane Midsole 360 Stitch Welt ConstructionWolverine Durashocks Vibram Rubber OutsoleSteel Toe Rated ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 MT/75Electrical HazardMetatarsal Guard Gary Wellington LastMade or Assembled in USA W01671 Wolverine Men's Fusion Safety Boots - Brown

Thorogood Vibram Force Recon Boots. Before you head out, rely on these top performers by famous Thorogood for strength, long wear, support and comfort. Just the Boots for miles of wear. Waterproof, full-grain leather and 1,000-denier Cordura uppers; Sympatex waterproof and breathable membrane; Vibram yellow plug rubber mini lug outsole for solid traction; Impact-absorbing polyurethane midsole; Removable, nylon-lined, polyurethane insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking woven nylon lining; Fiberglass shank for stability; Padded tongue / collar; Approx. 6"h., 21 ozs. State Width

A versatile spikeless shoe with superior cushioning and support for cross country and track. CMEVA midsole provides added cushioning. Patented Trusstic System offers midfoot stability on rough courses. A solid rubber outsole delivers durability and traction, rubber studs add improved traction on all surfaces, including indoor tracks.  Weight 6.4 oz.

Aggressive cross country spike for the athlete who requires a lightweight and flexible shoe to cover any terrain. Seamless upper is lightweight, flexible and cleans easily. Full-length SpEVA midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. Wt. 8.8 oz.

Leather upper, rubber outsole.

Pavement is boring. Lace up the Montrail Men's Continental Divide Trail Running Shoes, cruise along windy singletrack, and crash through streams and brush. With lots of cushioning and slight pronation control, Montrail made these shoes for athletes who run aggressively on the trail. Terra Hex lining in the heel and forefoot displaces strikes from sharp terrain, a wide toe box won't destroy your toes even when you're cruising downhill. The TPU heel support strap keeps your foot locked in place. Montrail's double-mesh upper dries quickly after stream crossings or mud puddles.Product FeaturesMaterial

The unisex John Varvatos Jack Purcell Ox retro shoes from Converse feature a textile upper for a great look. The key features are

A re-designed upper for better fit, plus Sidi's new Competition Sole for improved traction and mud expulsion are sure to make this popular, women-specific, triple VELCRO model a continued favorite. Fit relievers on tongue. Molded Plastic Heel Cup. Toe Spike Compatible.

berlin brown leather 110

sweater black fabric 95

For 40 consecutive years, ALTAMA has carried America's military through the jungles, in the deserts and over the mountains. ALTAMA's strong commitment to customer satisfaction and excellent quality in every pair of boots has earned the respect of men and women around the world for 40 years.

sweater black fabric 90

coyl pink paris 100

You're an active guy, and the adidas adiStar Competition 2005 men's shoes are built to keep up! These kicks are built for excitement. They love an adventure, whether it's running or a quick pickup game or a dimly lit room with a single table Texas Hold 'Em tourney. The adidas adiStar Competition 2005 men's shoes have a great poker face, too. Just remember, tapping your foot or even wiggling your toes may show your hand to the other players, so calm down. Remember, you gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em, fella.Honestly, we're pretty sure that the adidas adiStar Competition 2005 men's shoes would rather be outside or at the gym, doing something more... physical. Hopefully, you will obligate these shoes, and you can do so with the reassurance that your feet will be comfortable the whole time, thanks to the ClimaCool technology and the adiPRENE support structure. The adidas adiStar Competition 2005 men's shoes have a better ventilation system than most homes, and will keep you cozy all day long. They're a real ace!

This rubber overshoe from Tingley is designed to stretch and fit easily over your regular work boots. Perfect for a muddy or messy job site, the shoe is constructed with abrasion-resistant material in the heel, sole, and toe for longer wear and features a deep, thick tread for excellent traction and durability and easier cleaning. The wide shaft and fold-over snap closure makes it easy to pull on, while the heavy-duty kick-off heel offers hassle-free, no-hands removal.	Made to stretch over bulky work shoes. Molded in rubber button for secure closure. 10" tall.

In 1916, the Keds brand was introduced by the U.S. Rubber Company as the first national athletic and lifestyle footwear brand. At this time, the shoes were called sneakers, a term invented in late 1916 because the rubber soles made the shoes quiet. Worn by Olympic soccer players, scores of National and International tennis champions, and many college athletes, Keds was coined the shoe of champions because of its reputation as America's premier athletic brand. Not only was Keds a leading athletic brand, it was also the brand of choice for leading style icons due to its classic, stylish, and authentic characteristics.	The Keds(r) Andie Canvas Microstretch casual women's shoe features a vulcanized latex outsole construction which is lightweight and flexible for all day support. The stretch fiber technology is interwoven into the cotton upper and foot bed lining providing a tight, yet flexible fit.

Official GI-Issue Desert Boots

Mix some sporty style into your super trendy wardrobe this fall and winter with this sweet sneaker by Converse. It comes in red with bright white accents for an awesome old-school look. It laces up perfectly with thick white laces that cover the famous All Star patch. More white stitching travels throughout the firm fabric that makes up the body. The inside is super padded for your comfort and graced with a blue Converse print. Padded inside sole. Lace-up style. Rubber traction on bottom.

Other shoes aspire to be like the Charles by Charles David Glitzy pump. They gaze upon the enviable custom upper that shimmers as you stride, while the classic, quality construction adds the perfect silhouette.	Thirsting for a jaw dropping entrance? Then this dazzling Charles by Charles David D'orsay was made for you! Glitzy features a glittering gold upper with black suede piping. A 1 inch platform is highlighted while a 5 inch heel completes this enchanting party pump.

Women's WORX by Red Wing 5355 Steel Toe EH Boots. Classic welly style Boots for excellent on the job protection! A traditional look with exceptional protection against electrical hazards, oil, gas, heat, abrasions and slipping. They're even comfortable on concrete! WORX 5355 Boots are just what you need on the job

Men's Reebok Royal Courts. Retro! SAVE BIG A step back in time! Reebok keeps legendary canvas footwear alive with this "royal" excitement of a style from yesteryear. Breathable comfort is here... for casual jaunts to lounging out back. Due to a minor style change, savings are in store! Stylish canvas uppers with synthetic leather trim; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Permanent, polyester-lined outsole for comfort; Unlined for cool breathability; Each weighs 11 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order yours today! Men's Reebok Royal Courts, Gray

Kangaroo leather upper with reconfigured Predator islands, asymmetrical lacing, foldover leather tongue with elastic band fixture. Two-part TPU Traxion outsole. Wt. 11 oz.

Designed with love, pediped footwear combines comfort and fashion into a shoe that is pediatrician recommended. Their construction enables babies to sense the ground beneath their feet as they learn how to walk, and to develop foot strength as they grasp with their little toes. pediped footwear is the 'next best thing to bare feet'.

Classic dance shoes.  Soft comfortable soles for comfortable dancing.  Available in 2.5 or 3" heels.  3" heel will be sent unless otherwise notified. Customer service is toll free in the USA at 877-883-2109.

Watch your head, this boot has serious vertical style. The Slush-62 from Demonia by Pleaser settles a classic, slightly Victorian upper atop a super-thick heel and platform for a look to be reckoned with.	Heel Height

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	Introducing Flexion Ride technology from Saucony. The Sinister is a lightweight running shoe that incorporates a flexion plate designed to naturally propel runners onto their forefoot. Combines a great fit and responsive cushioning for a more efficient running gait. Flexion Plate provides a more efficient heel-to-toe transition. Injection-molded EVA midsole offers increased shock attenuation, responsive cushioning and durability. Visible rearfoot Grid System adds superior cushioning and stability by centering the heel on impact. HRC Strobel Board increases cushioning and step in comfort. Wt. 10.3 oz.

Women's lifestyles and attitudes have changed, but their choice of footwear remained stifled until farylrobin flew in. Farylrobin is footwear for independent, sophisticated, and feminine women - women who lead diverse and hectic lifestyles. With farylrobin, work and leisure blend seamlessly with looks that are unique but not over the top. Whether you are a 20-something creating your adult identity or a 40-something expressing your individuality and sophistication, the farylrobin line has the shoes that help you take that next step.

With the comfort you've come to expect, the nylon strap Chaco Flip Thong for women features a certified pedorthist contoured BioCentric footbed provides exceptional support and shock absorption that is super light and flexible. A new generation far beyond the thongs you grew up wearing, slip on functionality cradles every contour of your foot and features a broad heel cup that accommodates a variety of widths. Barely knowing when you have them on, the polyurethane construction gives noncompressible long life, while an EcoTread outsole, made from 29 recycled rubber, is environment friendly. All terrain traction gives new meaning when negotiating tricky forest terrain or the summer beach rental..

The RYK Velocity Run is a structured running shoe for the runner that needs added medial stability to prevent overpronation. Synthetic and mesh upper provides lightweight, breathable support. Split asymmetrical TPU shank adds medial control and lateral flexibility. Asymmetrical rearfoot Nitracel insert offers targeted lateral cushioning. Forefoot Nitracel delivers superior cushioning with rebound.

The buttery leather Deluxe Mox loafer from Ecco has a professional and classic style with a little modern zest. This attractive loafer has a moc style toe, gun metal chain link-inspired buckle detail, padded heel panel for additional comfort, cushioned footbed with arch support, and a textured rubber outsole for traction.	Ecco Womens Loafers & Moccasins 18313 00101 Black

Once you slip your foot into this handsome outdoor comfort sandal it will be all you want to wear. The fully-adjustable Velcro strap ensures a perfect fit, while the full-grain leather upper provides instant comfort and keeps your feet cool and dry. The slip-resistant rubber outsoles will withstand even the most rugged activity. About Clarks' Sandals With leather-lined footbeds and quality leather uppers, Clarks takes men's sandals to a whole new level. Whether you're looking for a pair of dress sandals to complement your linen slacks or a casual pair to wear with shorts and a t-shirt, Clarks' sandals will keep you cool and comfortable this summer. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	The Clarks Hudson will become your go-to sandal once you feel the comfort it provides. Set in a rich oiled full-grain leather upper with four-way adjustable straps, this Clarks sandal gives a customized fit. Mesh and leather lining surrounds foot in breathable comfort in this men's snadal. Nature formed last allows for natural toe spread and the leather-wrapped footbed wicks away moisture. Durable rubber outsole provides good traction for wherever your adventures take you. Strap into the Clarks Hudson and get going!

Founded in 1922, Rochester Shoe Tree Company is both the oldest and largest shoe tree company in the world, manufacturing all of its cedar products in Ashland, New Hampshire. Using the latest in computer technology combined with the New England work ethic and tradition of fine craftsmanship, Rochester shoe trees and cedar products reflect both the quality and employee pride that have made their products the standard of excellence for over 75 years. All of our shoe trees are made out of Eastern red cedar, a wood recognized for its beauty, durability, moisture absorption and aromatic properties. Increasing the useable life of shoes is an environmentally positive feature of all of Rochester's shoe care products.	Provides a quick, high-gloss shine to leather shoes. In an easy to use container with built in shine sponge good for 100's of shines.

Casual comfort, with work boot toughness. Red Wing 3-eyelet Moc-toes, SAVE BIG! Red Wing is a name trusted by generations of workmen for durable, long-lasting performance and comfort. These Moc-toes are the shoe equivalent, meeting work boot-style expectations with Red Wing unique skeleton support system. The full-midsole "skeleton" maximizes stability for consistent performance. Due to a discontinued style, you SAVE BIG! Dependable

Black 5.5 Inch Rear-Lacing Platform Boot

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Shoes*CREEPER-225, 3" P/F Blk Pu Star Creeper ShoeAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Let this flirty flip from Havaianas become the High Light of your casual summer wardrobe. It features a molded rubber upper with a Havaianas logo, a shock absorbing midsole, and a durable rubber outsole for premium footing. Hit the beach in style this summer with the High Light.	With its 1 inch heel, this style puts an elegant twist on our traditional flip flops.

Vince Camuto is a true footwear innovator, both of design and of industry. The designer and creator of the Camuto group, Vince Camuto produces many brands and styles, and Vince Camuto women's shoes are among the most beautiful and finely crafted footwear available.

Adidas' adiStar Control Running Shoe offers a motion control shoe against which all others are compared. The unique Ground Control System in the heel controls overpronation better than any other shoe on the market and a QuickStrike forefoot provide a resilient, flexible feel at toe off. An open-mesh nylon upper and foam insole add cushion and comfort with every step.	Ask any footwear connoisseur; 2005 was an exceptional year for shoes, and the adidas Adistar Control 2005 women's shoes are the pick of that year's crop. Their pleasant bouquet of comfy, lightweight cushioning and state-of-the-art structure will keep your feet comfy and properly shaped. The adidas Adistar Control 2005's patented design ensures a smooth finish by helping you keep proper form and increase your energy efficiency by smoothing the transition between heelstrike and forefoot push with a special medial insert that minimizes muscle fatigue by decreasing over-pronation (rotating your feet too far outward during the gait cycle). Yep, 2005 was a very good year, and nothing satisfies your thirst for a high-quality running shoe quite like a vintage pair of adidas Adistar Control 2005's.

Stylish, Tactical Design Combat Boots 8" (Standard Military Height) Full Grain Tan Cowhide Leather and CorduraTM Nylon Fabric Cushion Polyurethane Midsole Polyurethane Removable Insert VANGUARDTM Running Shoe Sole Construction 100% Rubber VibramTM Sierra Outsole ACU APPROVED Made or Assembled in USA 390 DES Belleville Men's Hot Weather Combat Boots - Tan

Say goodbye to frumpy house slippers. Multiple metallic colors stitched side by side create a stylish design on the Denise's smooth leather upper. A cushioned footbed and flexible sole make for easy striding. The Denise grants your wish for a comfortable, easy-on slipper that looks gorgeous and feels great.	Add a touch of fun to your home relaxation in the Denise slipper from Daniel Green. The metallic or snake-print faux leather upper is lightweight and breathable. A padded foam footbed creates a soft landing for your foot, while a bit of a heel makes staying in a pleasure.

Whether you're going to be a go-go dancer or a sexy superhero this Halloween, the Exotica boot from Funtasma by Pleaser has got you covered. This shiny faux patent boot features a sky-high heel and platform that add super sex appeal to any outfit. The stretchy fit zips up easily and shows off your sexy curves.	Shaft Height

The Asolo OM3608 623 men's Flame GTX hiking boots have a suede water resistant upper, combining with the Gore-Tex Performance lining, so that water or moisture will not gather, but instead wick away. Your feet will never have been dryer, even if the weather takes a turn for the worst.The Asolo Flame Hikers have active heel support, padded ankle cuffs, Asloflex thermoplastic supports, and anatomic foot-beds to ensure the maximum level of comfort for when you are hiking those trails or even walking through stores.These Asolo Men's Flame OM3608 623 Hiking Boots will be the most comfortable pair of hiking shoes that you will ever wear, whether you are backpacking through the Rocky Mountain National Park, or simply on a day excursion on the local trails.Manufactured Sizes

Cactus 611 is one of our classic work boots made with best quality genuine nubuck leather with oil resistant rubber outsole. We selected taibrelle lining and taibrelle pillow cushioned insole for excellent air-flow and durability. The key component of work boot is the durability, safety and comfort. Cactus provides ultimate comfort to the shoes wearers. Please check our cushioned insole, padded collar, lightweight, flexibleness and high quality leather found in each pair. We make durable, best comfort boots for heavy duty jobs. Our 6 boots successfully maintains a strong relationship with constructors and heavy equipment or machinery workers. Steel toe available.

Soft K leather upper with integrated Lace Wrap System and abrasion resistant toe overlay. Polyurethane midsole with domeCell in heel. Injected Pebax plate with stainless steel cleats and forefoot DuoFlex. Wt. 15.4 oz.

The Reebok StrikeZone TD EVO 15 soccer shoe has a soft synthetic upper or full-grain leather vamp/toe that provides ball touch, comfort and performance. Unique StrikeZone Bootie construction eliminates layers for pure, snug fit, shoe reaction and feel. Mesh and Stretch Span bootie adds socklike fit and laceless feel. Covered StrikeZone lacing offers clean laceless ball strike. Molded sockliner gives comfort, cushioning and durability. EVO 15 bladed outsole delivers traction, and easy ground interface on firm surfaces. Wt. 9.6 oz.

Soft Durable Man-Made upper.Interchangable Color Card System.U-Throat upper pattern.Fully Fabric-lined with Padded Tongue and Collar.Non-Marking rubber outsole with defined Horseshoe heel.S8 microfiber slide soles on both shoes.

Shift into Dexter Drive Mocs, BIG BUCKS OFF! Get out of neutral. Enter the fast lane in hip, new Drive Mocs by Dexter! Seems a style change blows the doors off the usual price! Durable, stylish, flexible suede leather uppers; Sure-grip rubber lug outsole; Permanent, leather-lined and padded insole for comfort; Unlined for cool breathability 360 degree lacing system for stability; Each is approx. 3 1/4"h. and weighs 12 ozs. State Color and Size. Medium width. Know a guy who likes comfy shoes? He'll love these! Order Today! Men's Dexter Drive Mocs

These individually crafted collar stays have been polished to perfection and are a perfect width to fit any shirt stylishly. Package includes two pairs of stays in 2.0, 2.5, 2.75 and 3.0" in length (8 pairs total). Note

Heres a quintessential lace-up that has a rightful home in every closet. PF Flyers Center Lo sneaker boasts a classic, low tennis shoe design whose leather construction and sidewall eyelets will flex and breathe with your hardworking feet. Sporty striping completes its must-have look.	Go retro with the PF Flyers Center Lo Leather - Unisex. This unisex low top basketball shoe has a leather upper for classic appeal. A ribbed toe guard offers style and protection, while a cushioned footbed provides long-lasting comfort to this unisex sneaker. This PF Flyers sneaker has a diamond-patterned rubber sole for grippy traction on the streets or the court, and the Posture Foundation Wedge reduces muscle strain for endurance. A classic favorite returns with the PF Flyer's Center Lo Leather- Unisex.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style.  Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo.  Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	A whole pile of comfort waiting inside! Toes love pile. And you'll love sinking your feet into the rich synthetic pile inside these mocs. Soft, warm, comforting. And that's just the start

Inspired by vintage varsity jackets. The Timberland Souped Up Letterman shoe features a tough, durable, waterproof, leather, roll-top upper with fresh piping details and a clean, athletically inspired chenille patch. An updated roll-top pattern, rustproof hardware and a Timberland logo accent complete this look to perfection. Rubber lug outsole provides traction and durability on a variety of surfaces. Padded collar offers a comfortable fit.

Arguably the most comfortable and fashionable shoes ever designed on the planet. The extra padded foot insert provides a soft cushion that keeps your feet nice and cozy ... so cozy that even the author of this description is wearing a pair of them as he writes. Canvas upper, All-Star logo visible through clear rubber outsole, vulcanized rubber midsole and outsole for increased durability and flexibility.

#116005  UPPER

Youll never know the meaning of cold feet again while wearing the Versa 2-Way printed ultra-soft breathable polar fleece socks from Acorn. This cozy sock can be worn with or without shoes and is offered in many different colors and patterns, youll want more than just one!	For over twenty-five years ACORN has been providing their customers with products that furnish you with "comfort on earth". The ACORN Products Company began with one product - ACORN slipper socks made with grey twist wool. ACORN slipper socks were brought on board the space shuttle mission Columbia in 1982 by astronaut Ken Mattingly. Several other products are now available from ACORN. ACORN Cotton/Leather Slipper Sock or the ACORN Wool/Leather Slipper Sock. ACORN Women's or men's Textured Print Moc Slipper has the ACORN memory foam insole. These wonderful socks are also available in children's sizes. The Kid's ACORN Versa Print Fleece sock can be worn with sandals, sports shoes and boots.

206369WLF11 Features

Beautiful all leather shoes with glitter sparkle finish. 3" heel, padded inner sock, sueded ballroom sole w/non slip slide. In popular Latin T-Strap design. Great for Salsa, Latin, or any type of ballroom dancing. With free carry bag.

Keep up appearances even when the dress is casual in the Catalina slip-on from Dockers. This rich leather shoe works with trousers for the office and with weekend staples with or without socks. The pillow-soft footbed comforts every step, while the traction-ready outsole assures a confident step.	The tailored Catalina loafers from Dockers may stay on your feet from casual Friday right through Sunday evening.  Smooth leather upper in a slip-on dress style with a round moc toe.  Trimmed collar, heel overlay, and welt edging.  Leather sock lining, comfort padded suede fabric footbed.  Low-profile rubber midsole, traction outsole.

From its humble beginnings in 1825 in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity, and individual style has remained unchanged throughout the centuries.	This slip-on from Clarks mixes the best design elements of high-fashion with luxury comfort details to create this beautiful shoe. The Fir features leather upper construction with buckle detail, and all-day comfort that never lets you down.

****This product will not be available to ship until the middle of August.**** Step up and support your favorite MLB team in the Reebok MLB Clubhouse. This casual men's shoe features a soft leather, baseball-inspired upper for comfort and support. Padded foam sockliner adds comfort and cushioning. High-abrasion rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

This daily messenger bag is ready when you are! Featuring an adjustable single strap, three interior pockets for your personal electronics, and a magnetic snap closure, this medium-sized bag gives you enough room for all that you need without slowing you down.		Available in Sweet Hearts, Whales, and Peace prints printed on natural canvas.

The ASICS GEL-Cumulus VIII running shoe combines a broad neutral platform with an unstructured upper to satisfy the needs of runners whose main desire is cushioned, stable comfort. Open mesh upper provides excellent comfort and breathability. Full-length SpEVA midsole replaces standard EVA for a more responsive, durable ride. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems have expanded for improved shock attenuation. A multi-piece DuraSponge outsole will enhance flexibility and give the shoe that plush forefoot feeling the GEL-Cumulus series is known for. Wt. 10.4 oz.

First introduced as an '80s training shoe, the adidas Samoa is back in a street-ready version. A retro suede overlay on the toe box, reinforced rubber toe, and full-grain leather build give this reissue an authentic look and feel.	No Description

Uniquely designed Lois Hill handbag. Practicality combined with Spring fashion. Tightly woven straw is interlocked with bikini patterned fabric with pull-to-close capability. Perfect for the beach or everyday use, these bags are the new standard for "Fun in the Sun!" Made in Indonesia

fiestey white leather 80

fiestey white leather 85

This weatherproof mucking boot from Clarks can handle the elements and still look good doing it. It features a seam-sealed construction and a rubber outsole with vulcanized foxing for traction. A high-tech sole filter offers breathable comfort.	The Clarks Artisan Derby 2 is a boot that shines on inclement days. Crafted of Clarks premium waterproof leather, this ankle boot has a convenient center zip entry, padded neoprene collar and lightweight traction outsole. The waterproof full grain leather upper keeps feet dry and warm and Neoprene linings surround the foot in softness. This women's boot features a foam cushioned Ortholite footbed that provides instant comfort and the durable shell outsole with lightweight midsole filler provides traction. Get out there and face the elements in the Clarks Artisan Derby 2.

Wear a handsewn toe just once and you'll see why Sebago insists on it. It's the little things that set you apart. Same with shoes. Which is why Sebago laboriously hand sews the toes on these Deering Loafers. Smoother, more comfortable, better-flexing, more pleasing to the eye. And the toe isn't the only notable feature

?Adorable low heel dress sandal.	?Leather upper.	?Ornament detail.	?Lightly padded footbed.	?Non-skid sole.	?1 1/2" heel.

Women's Skechers Steel Toe Work Shoes, SAVE BIG! You get ANSI 75 rated steel toe protection, and ANSI 241 PT99 rated electrical hazard safety against electrical current up to 600V on dry surfaces! Durable, stylish leather / synthetic leather uppers; EVA midsole; Rubber outsole for long-wearing traction and grip; Removable Cambrelle lined EVA insole; Wicking mesh lining; Approx. 17 ozs. each. State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Medium width. Order yours today! Women's Skechers Steel Toe Work Shoes, Silver

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.	Dress-casual looks for real-world conditions. Slip-resistant Deer Stags Mercury Oxfords, SAVE BIG! You deserve good looks and style on a daily basis... and these Oxfords are designed with you in mind. Built tough to handle everyday wear and tear without complaint using only genuine stitch-down construction. Slip-resistant, too, for when the daily grind throws something new into your day. A volume buy at The Guide saves you an amazing big bucks! Deer Stags quality in every inch

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX(TM) foam. Wt. 16.0 oz.

Step into casual motivation with the Wave sandal from Ecco. A leather covered latex footbed provides shock-absorbing comfort, while the contemporary shape is created with a smooth leather and enduring craftsmanship. These sandals are perfect for days at the beach or just lounging around the house.	Ecco Womens Size 42 M Strap Sandals Safari Leather 16523 02135. Premium materials paired up with high end and casual materials make these the perfect addition to your casual, business or everyday wear wardrobe. Guaranteed to last while offering maximum performance and feel. Cushioned insole. Non-slip outsole delivering enhanced grip performance ona variety of surfaces.. 16523 02135

Fashionable pink high heel boots. Zip up side, 4 inch heels.

A plush hobo design that is both functional and animal friendly

****Blue Nite/Pink will not be available to ship until late September.**** Air mesh upper with CMEVA midsole with ID cell in heel and Evertrack outsole.

Schaefer Flight Bag. A carry on bag with two outside zipper compartments and two quick-snap end compartments for quick retrieval of the bare necessities. Zip back top entry flap with Velcro closure. Detachable padded shoulder straps. 10" Wide x 12" Tall x 18" Deep. In the tradition of creating the finest western outerwear available comes the Ranch Luggage Collection... a series of functional, daily western lifestle travel designs. Each Schaefer Original is constructed of tough 22 oz. canvas duck, then trimmed and reinforced with rugged cowhide. Enhamced with an over abundance of functional pockets, solid nickel logo snap trim and Ranger Buckle sets, leather zipper pulls, leather logo labels and embossed Schaefer signature running horses.

Propet made this oxford sneaker the day Sunlite shined on comfort, and oh what a nice day it was! Tagged with a 1,000 mile guarantee, this lightweight, soft leather sneaker will hug your foot with perfection, while the padded collar and tongue will provide you with optimum ankle support. What's more, the multi-directional tread will give you traction on multiple surfaces, while the removable shock absorber insole will keep you light on your feet from morning to night. The Sunlite makes the road ahead virtually endless.	Feather LiteTM construction. Supple leather uppers with perforations to improve breathability. Moleskin lining. External and internal heel counter for added stability and support. Specially designed removable insole with leather sock lining. EVA/rubber Feather LiteTM outsole designed for cushioned comfort, traction and durability.

Harness some hard-riding style for your feet. Feet looking for a new look? Wear these harness Boots and everybody will know exactly what you ride. Choose a regular or steel toe version. Check them out

Comfort and performance with Kalso Negative Heel Technology, promoting natural posture and stride. 	Leather uppers with ventilation perfs, and absorbent lining. 	A full heel to toe layer of Gelron 2000 prevents impact from reaching the heel, leg or lower back. 	Removable sockliner. 	Carbon fiber shank for superior support, torsion control, a	nd lateral stability. 	Multi-density mid-sole and latex rubber bottom provide optimal 	`flexibility and cushioning.

So easy and comfortable, for him and her! Baffin Camp Clogs, PRICED LOW! Slip-on super-easy, and all rubber too for durable, easy-cleaning, fear-no-slop wear. Canada's Baffin always delivers the best in simply perfect footwear. They're whole-sized to fit anyone (see chart below for Men's / Ladies' ranges). With nylon-lined padded insole for supportive comfort. Mid-range size is 4"h., approx. 13 ozs. State Color and Size. Act Now! Baffin Camp Clogs

Stay warm and dry with this 7 waterproof boot  Full grain leather upper  Breathable mesh/fabric lining  Cushioned insole covered with moisture-wicking DRI-LEX fabric  Traction-lugged rubber sole  400-gram Thinsulate ultra insulation  Padded at collar and tongue  Metal D-rings for quick, secure lacing

The Betula Woogie features a 3-band Nubuck leather upper with buckles that can be adjusted for your own comfort and support.Product Specifications

Wool blend mukluks. Leather sole for long wear, this cool footwear is ideal for indoor winter wear. The wool wicks away moisture and keep toes toasty! Sizes run as follows

Embrace a feminine look with the Touch Ups Beth flat. This women's dress flat has a dyeable satin upper to color-coordinate with any outfit. A soft, delicate ribbon wraps around the ankle for an elegant touch. The Touch Ups Beth flat features a flexible leather sole for a smooth, comfortable feel and soft steps.

Converse Jack Purcell Lifestyle Shoes

Workbrutes PVC Overshoes Have Thicker And Deeper Cleats For Better Grip And Longer Wear   Our injection molded Workbrutes PVC overshoe has 46 percent more material in its outsole than the nearest slush molded competitor. Our Frigiflex PVC compound contains special additives for high stretch and flexibility in cold temperatures.    Ideal Applications

Essential equipment for mountain and water professionals or anyone seeking added foot protection and support in or around the water.   Single layer air mesh upper  Patented convertible heel  Adjustable heel strap  Optimized fit for women  Quickfit lacing system

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Pick up the pace in our popular and sassy mary janes from Skechers!  Hook-and-loop closure over instep.  Leather and eyelet lace upper.  Rubber outsole.

Classic design that hasn't changed in years and years and years.  Try them for the first time -- again.

Waterproof and warm, this Classic Boot from Bogs features a rubber upper with a Neoprene shaft and removable, moisture-wicking sock-liner that eliminates odor. The non-slip rubber outsole delivers excellent grip on wet surfaces--making this boot the superior choice in cold-weather footwear for your kid.	Kid's Bogs Classic Mid Rubber Boots with a comfortable athletic shoe-fit! Bogs Classic Mid Rubber Boots aren't your parents' galoshes! They're not only waterproof, they're also warm and extremely comfortable

Run away in these Reebok Premier Road Plus Shoes... with runaway BIG SAVINGS! On your mark. We've got an amazing bargain on these incredible Running Shoes with blue-ribbon savings! This is a top-notch pair made pavement-pounding tough for you serious athletes who give it your all from start to finish. Synthetic leather / mesh uppers for maximum ventilation; Rubber diamond tread sure-grip outsole; TPV transition bridge shank for stability; DMX foam footframe combines with EVA midsole for impact absorption; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole for added cushion; Wicking Play Dry lining; Approx. 4 1/2"h., 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Get yours today! Men's Reebok Premier Road Plus Shoes, White / Navy / Silver

101440GRY45 Features

100% WATERPROOF Orvis Riverwoods... * Genuine leather uppers * Vibram outsole * Hip styling * BIG BUCKS OFF! No side-stepping puddles! These eyegrabbers are 100% waterproof for dry feet, guaranteed. Famous Orvis created 'em, using only the finest materials money can buy. Sink your feet inside and discover the extreme cushioning... while your pocketbook saves BIG. It's all due to a minor style change! Loaded

Kamik makes footwear that brings to life its northern origins. Singular. Strong. Simply dependable. The result of all this effort

liner fuschia leather 55

Want the ruggedness of a hiking boot but with a lower profile? Look no further. The Track II oxford from Ecco is a great shoe to wear on those rainy days when you need footwear for the elements but still want to look your best. Lightweight, durable, and versatile to fit many looks, this shoe is designed to look good and still keep your feet dry.	The ruggedness of a waterproof hiking boot, but in a lower height Combination full grain leather and nubuck leather upper Waterproof GORE-TEX lining membrane Rugged metal lace hardware Breathable padded mesh fabric lining Removable leather-covered ECCO Comfort Fiber System insole adds cushioning ECCO Comfort Fiber System insole also wicks away moisture for climate control Midsole has heel and toe mudguards to protect the seam between upper and sole Direct-injected dual-density TPU and polyurethane sole Please order according to the following size chart

Stay dry and warm in cold and wet conditions with LaCrosse's Alphaburly hunting boot. Its waterproof, Ozone-resistant rubber is combined with naturally insulating Neoprene that also stretches for a personalized fit, and has a fully enclosed zipper for an easy on and off.	All natural, hand-crafted rubber over insulating neoprene and Uncompromising fit, scent-free and waterproof protection from LaCrosse Alpha Construction. Safety Toe.

Rocky Low Camp Moccasins. Fantastic deal on footwear suitable for sporting, camping and casual wear. Perfectly comfortable for camping, solid so you can wear 'em on a hike, good - looking enough to hang out in. Moccasins from Rocky, a footwear leader and name associated with quality and style. We can't be "as quiet as a moccasin" about all these features

The adidas Kiungo is a smart, sophisticated men's thong with a shaped strap and thoughtfully designed footbed appropriate for much more than the beach or pool. Synthetic thong construction upper. Compression molded EVA midsole for cushioning. Rubber outsole for durability and comfort.

Whether you are running the slick rock of Moab or training for the Boston Marathon, if you have trouble with foot pronation the Nike Structure Triax X can add extra support and protection. With a new soft Riderline foot bed, Fitsole sock liner and updated last, the Structure Triax X has raised its own bar as a men's running shoe dedicated to high-performance comfort and cushioning. Enhanced with the heel Air-Sole and forefoot Zoom Air unit package the Nike Structure Triax X provides premium shock absorption and cushioning while minimizing foot fatigue. Add the highly breathable sandwich mesh upper with supportive overlay and you've got a cool comfortable fit for the long haul. Comes in Size 15

135724BKA13 Features

Latico's casual, down-to-earth styles reflect the company founder's attitude -- mellow basics with laid-back comfort. Beautiful bags in high quality leather and vibrant seasonal colors are the hallmarks of the brand. Attention to details such as unique artisan linings, unexpected leather treatments, and extensive interior organization have become Latico signature features that turn heads from coast to coast. See why Latico remains a boutique favorite.

Eastland is serious about making comfortable shoes and theyve packed the Plainview with their best ideas. The oxfords upper is full-grain leather with a breathable sock lining, and theres a removable pillowy insole for constant coddling. Flexible construction equals no break-in period, while a PU outsole absorbs shocks and repels slip-ups. This super-practical shoe even provides a hit of height via the easy-walking heel.	Women's Eastland Plainview Lace-Up Leather Oxfords... easy on your feet and wallet! Everyday Shoes just don't come any more sturdy and comfortable than these! I care about finding you high-quality deals and these Shoes are just the kind of value you expect at the Sportsman's Guide, and backed (of course) by my 100% satisfaction guarantee! The goods

Straight from the world of Rally, the Puma Men's Grit Cat is a men's, sport-inspired casual shoe with great street potential. Leather and synthetic suede upper surround your feet in plush comfort. Non-slippery rubber outsole delivers excellent traction.

Soft garment leather upper, padded foam sockliner, EVA midsole and rubber outsole.  Imported.

cult 26011 bbk 9

cult 26011 bbk 8

The Prince NFS Indoor II has become known on tour for its unrivaled stability and durability.Color(s)

Tribeca's Rylee ballet flats for women feature shiny, perforated leather uppers with a tiny bow embellishment on the toes. Subtly styled, these ballet flats are sure to become your everyday favorites. Wear them with a range of outfits including casual denim, fitted pencil skirts or tailored capris.	Laid-back with a touch of class, these skimmers add a serious dose of style to anything you wear.		Fabric upper with metallic threading and perforation detail.		Low stacked kitten heel

cult 26011 bbk 7

cult 26011 bbk 6

berlin black leather 60

Looking for the ultimate warm-weather shoe? Crocs' Classic clog has a ventilated upper and a traction outsole to make it a top wet-dry performer--perfect for the beach--but we can think of a zillion other places you'll want to wear it.	Same as the original Crocs model, just a little less wiggle in your walk..

The Rainbow Hemp Eco 301 Sandals keep your feet and your conscience feeling good. These smart flip-flops will mold to your feet and keep them happy for a long time.Product FeaturesStrap Material

Waterproof Breathable Membrane.Low-profile.Slip and oil-resistant Outsole.Leather and Nylon Upper.Airport-Friendly Non-metallic Shank.Thermoplastic Heel & Toe Counters.Outsole meets ASTM F489-96 test standards for slip resistance.This boot meets ASTM F1671-07 standards for blood borne pathogen resistance.

Easy Spirit provides quality construction combined with great style! These Instep sneakers by Easy Spirit are a mule style sneaker that is easy to slip on, makes a great walking shoe, and has a cushioned insole for comfort.

Finally - a solid, well-built safety-toe uniform boot that fits like it was made just for you and looks great too!

#3 Toe. Cushioned insole and heel pad. Glove urethane shaft. Glove urethane upper. Metal Toe Rand. PVC Outsole. Removable Concho Strap.

Justin 13" Bay Apache Boots for women! Amazingly tough and extremely durable! These Boots will do more than just look hot. They'll stand up to your daily abuse, from the city streets to the open range

duke black paris 110

cult 26011 wrd 7.5

Full-grain leather and suede accented upper, perforated for comfort and breathability with padded collar for comfort. Polyurethane midsole and outsole with herringbone pattern.

Peached 100% polyester microfiber, mesh lined, elastic waistband with drawcord, 2 side seam pockets, contrast side panel with piping, embroidered Vector logo, 100% polyester

A new take on an old classic, the Fabor combines traditional penny loafer styling with terrific comfort features. Crafted from soft, flexible leather, it features a smooth manmade lining and a cushioned fabric insole with additional padding at the heel. The 1-1/2-inch rubber sole is flexible and slip-resistant for walk-all-day comfort. A versatile style, the Fabor looks great with slacks, khakis, and just about everything in your casual wardrobe.  About Naturalizer With more than 75 years of experience, Naturalizer shoes have long been known as the comfortable shoe with the beautiful fit. Today, Naturalizer shoes are always on the forefront of fashion, crafted in a wide variety of styles to suit anyone's taste. Offering a wide range of sizes, from 4 to 13 and in slim, narrow, medium, wide and doublewide widths, Naturalizer uses advanced comfort technology to produce styles you'll love with appealing value. Naturalizer is a branded division of the Brown Shoe Company. In addition to the Naturalizer line, Brown Shoe owns Famous Footwear stores through the United States. Its brands include Buster Brown, Airstep, Connie, LifeStride, and NightLife; it also sells Bass, Star Wars, Hot Kiss, and Warner Bros. licensed footwear. It distributes footwear worldwide through about 2,000 retailers, including independent, chain, and department stores.	Roe, roe, roe and gloat in the Carlos by Carlos Santana Marvelous T-strap sandal. This women's thong-style sandal features a subtly textured, "caviar" beaded upper with smooth synthetic lining, a wrapped toe post and an adjustable ankle strap with buckle closure for a personalized fit. A lightly cushioned footbed and textured sole add comfort and reliable traction, while a wood-look demi-wedge heel gives a little lift to the Carlos by Carlos Santana Marvelous sandal.

When you're just learning to dance, it's important to have a shoe that will provides the best support for all those new moves. The Leather/Mesh Sneaker from Dance Class does just that, with an ultra-breathable leather and mesh upper combined with a split, rubber sole provide lightweight flexibility and support. The padded collar and tongue and shock-absorbing insole increase the comfot of this versatile dance sneaker while the form-fitting speed lacing allows the dancer to adjust the fit around the arch and the rest of the foot for a perfect fit.	She'll be pirouetting in no time with these Ballet shoes from Dance Class. These shoes feature a leather upper with a mary jane strap and tie detail. Fabric lining and a leather footbed provide cool comfort. The leather outsole is flexible and lightweight.

Sturdy, comfortable, and long-lasting, the Women's Wolverine Harrison Soft-Toe EH Work Boots (6 in.) are some of the best value work boots on the market. Full-grain leather uppers offer rugged durability, and the removable full cushion footbed allows for versatile comfort and customization. Get the boots that are built to last, the Wolverine Women's Harrison Soft-Toe EH Work Boots (6 in.).

MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.

Red Sox pride runs deep--right to the bottom of your feet. The Mojo by Rebook is a comfortable and lightweight sandal thats great to slide into after playing sports or to wear by the pool. Featuring the logo of the Boston Red Sox, these sandals sport a non-slip sculpted footbed thats comfortable yet lightweight. The IMEVA midsole provides premium cushioning and the rounded outsole edge with tread wrap is the optimal surface quick moves.  About Reebok Reebok's United Kingdom-based ancestor company was founded for one of the best reasons possible

Genuine deerskin with soft, warm pile lining, EVA outsole that can be worn indoors and outdoors.

Wherever you're headed, you'll get there in comfort and style in the Reebok OG casual leather shoe. Sleek leather upper offers comfortable support and a super-soft feel. Rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

Feel the burn when you get active in this sporty athletic sneaker from Sketchers. The super-comfortable Energy Afterburn Sneaker features a cool leather upper and a padded heel for extra shock absorption. A non-slip rubber outsole delivers superb traction, and a cushioned midsole provides comfort all day long.	Hit the track with breakneck speed in SKECHERS EnergyAfter Burn jogger. Leather upper in a casual sneaker style with webbed eyelet details. Stitching and overlay accents, side S logo. Lace up front Padded collar and tongue Soft fabric shoe lining Cushioned insole Shock absorbing midsole Flexible traction outsole Medium width

You'll wear the Esal thong from Nine West with so much perfection you'll think it was made just for you. Casual-chic beauty is brought together by the polished o-ring on the leather upper, while graceful comfort is delivered by cushioned inlays on the curvaceous and sculpted wooden sole.

This is the traditional black uniform cowboy boots worn by many officers and security personel. Comvfort comes from the cushion insole and tough chevron-design rubber-sole. Medium-round toe & long-base walking heel.

Get the party started in the BYOB sandal from Reef. This casual-cool slip-on is the perfect party conversation starter--and quite handy--with a built-in bottle opener on its sole! And what's even better, its cushioned footbed is so cozy, you'll never want to wear anything else. Especially when there's a party going on.	Slide out of your Reef Men\\222s Adjustable BYOB Sandal and use the bottle opener located conveniently on the sole to crack a coldie. The BYOB has an adjustable hook-and-loop upper, so it will also be more comfortable than conventional sandals for you drinkers with chunky dogs or petite feet.Product FeaturesUpper Material

The Get-A-Grip Advanced offers superior traction with the strength of Ice Diamond CARBIDE. Ultra lightweight, yet built to last. Ergonomically designed to fit virtually any type of footwear. The unique patented design features replaceable carbide spikes that last 10 times longer than steel. New Bi-Directional Tread and spikes placed in a diamond pattern offers better traction for your safety yet, so compact they fit into your pocket and its versatility even allows you to drive with them on. This go-anywhere traction solutions allows you to work, walk and even run as if conditions were perfect.	DUE NORTH ALL PURPOSE MED (TRACTION)

Perfect for a day at the office or a night out on the town, the Delray Oxfords no nonsense style will put a spring in your step. This lace-ups streamlined upper and split-toe design create a classic, handsome silhouette, while a full leather lining and combination oak leather and rubber outsole deliver a custom-like fit.	These handsome airport-friendly oxfords from Allen-Edmonds were made for walking and flying.  Smooth calf leather upper in a dress oxford style, with stitched and seamed apron style rounded toe, center toe seam and stitching accents and five eyelet lace up with tongue.  Smooth leather lining, with a cushioned leather topped insole.  Stitched topsole, dress midsole and smooth leather dress outsole.  1 inch capped dress heel.  Made in the USA.

Created from the romance inherent in the Oscar de la Renta collection, the O Oscar lifestyle line captures the designer's love of color, luxurious design, and feminine detail. The essence of Oscar de la Renta has been infused into a brand for women who love the look of couture at a better price.

What better way to support your Utah Utes year round than with the Utah Utes Printed Flip Flop? Innovative and trend setting designs have been fused with the colors and logos of your Utah Utes. Whether you're off to the beach, working in the yard, or just relaxing around the house, our flip flops will provide you with the ultimate in style and functionality. Officially licensed by the NCAA.

A dominant player on the football circuit, this original soccer boot remains an indoor classic. Synthetic nubuck upper with brushed nylon quarter lining, full rubber shell sole.

When the trail or the road is hot enough to fry an egg on, you need hyperventilation for your feet. Moab Ventilator is like air conditioning. Uppers are Dura leather with lots of exposed breathable Ventilator mesh. Breathable mesh linings and bellow tongue. Rubber toe bumper and heel counter, and Vibram Multi-Sport Plus sole provide the protection, support and traction you need when the action heats up..

Who could say no to you when youre in the Halloween Pimp Shoe from Funtasma by Pleaser? Featuring a shiny synthetic patent upper and a high platformed sole and heel, this stylin shoe will have the ladies at the party lining up to dance with you.	These mules have a nice game of strip black lacquer, red on the sides. Average platform heels and 14.5 cm

Steve Madden, the footwear fashion mogul of the 21st century, has immersed his company into virtually every aspect of the fashion industry. With his primary success and initial endeavor as a shoe designer, he has now expanded into other accessories such as handbags, belts, socks, dresses, watches and outerwear. Steve Madden first made his mark over a decade ago with the now infamous chunky, clunky shoe designed for young women. The first Steve Madden shoes spoke to a young woman's independence, and today his handbags speak to that same "grown up" woman.

Synthetic patent leather upper. Three-layer construction misdeal provides supreme comfort. Solid rubber outsell.

Prince's T10 tennis shoe has the performance technology and comfort you need to rise to the competitive challenges of match day. Designed with a new last for players with a narrow to medium foot who are looking for a lower-volume toe box, a mid-level arch support, and a secure heel pocket, it features a unique 4Foot Wrap and a wYshbone shank for maximum foot stability. Its padded tongue and collar, moisture-wicking fabric lining, and shock-absorbent insole will keep you feeling confident serve after serve.	Prince T10 Womens Shoe WhiteSilver Introducing the Prince T10 Womens tennis shoes Its a matchday performance shoe built on a new last specifically designed to fit players with a narrow to medium foot seeking a lower volume toe box a medum arch support and a snug heel pocket This shoe features a unique 4Foot Wrap and a wYshbone shank to hold the foot securely in place providing serious players with an agile platform for competitive playShoe SpecsUpper Durable synthetic leather and air mesh upper provides light weight and breathabilityOutsole PRC1000 outsole provides exceptional durability and traction on a variety of surfaces RASH toe cap provides added abrasion protection for toe draggersMidsole Molded heel counter provides heel stability and prevents heel lift ShockEraser midsole insert absorbs heavy impact in the heel PU forefoot insert disperses shock under the ball of the foot Soft TPU 4Foot Wrap provides a glovelike fit to prevent toejam PU sockliner provides added cushioning and longlasting comfort Injected wYshbone TPU shank improves lateral and medial stability

Durable comfort and style, ready to take you from park to pavement! Ecco Pulse Casuals. SAVE BIG! Uppers and soleswith "Euro" style Make your day-to-day walks just a little more leisurely... just try these Ecco Casuals on for size. Ecco knows all about comfort, designing an internal arch and heel support system to give your feet the stability they need. And the Euro-style is sure to set you apart from the pack. Full-grain and suede-leathered uppers for durable style; Thermo-plastic rubber outsole for long-wearing grip; Impact-absorbing polyurethane midsole; Removable synthetic leather-lined anti-bacterial insole; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; Approx 16 ozs. each. State Color and Full European Size. Turn any trek into a walk in the park! Order Today! Men's Ecco Pulse Casuals

FLY shoes are the footwear of universal youth fashion culture. Designed to meet the needs for footwear with fashion, comfort and style, FLY styling takes its influences from youth culture and a fusion of music and street fashion. Unique and uncompromising design season to season keep FLY at the cutting edge of fashion, and as "following fashion" takes on a light of superficiality, individual details from different sources create a stronger identity in shoes you'll love.

Features zippered and fold over flap closure and 2 end pockets. Measures 13-1/2" x 8-3/4" x 4-3/4".

Prance around in prettiness wearing the Payday slingback ballet flat from Charles David. This fashion forward flat has a multi-layered smooth leather upper, a playful peek-a-boo toe, and a feminine heel sling with an adjustable buckle closure and a hidden elastic panel for a secured and flexible fit. It also features a smooth dress leather outsole, soft leather linings, and a fully cushioned insole for day to night comfort. The Payday is perfect paired with cropped jeans or a flirty tea-length skirt.	Multi-tonal peep toe sling. 	Leather upper. 	Adjustable buckle closure. 	Lightly padded footbed. 	Leather sole. 	1/2" heel. 	Product measurements were taken using size 7. Please note that measurements may vary by size. 	Tell a Friend Share This Product Customer Fit Survey	Customers surveying this product said...		92% "Felt true to size" 	88% "Felt true to width" 	100% "No arch support"

This women's Itasca Searay sport moc features a comfortable leather upper with a removable comfort insole. The traction rubber outsole delivers great performance, and for a positive fit the shoe features a twin-side gore.

Simply gorgeous. The Wishful pump from AK Anne Klein has a classic beauty that you'll just adore. The shape of the upper is elegant and refined, but it's been given a touch of trendy style, with its patent leather fabrication, and the muted color palette is fully modern. The insole is padded for your comfort, too. In short--this shoe is perfection.	AK Anne Klein offers an impressive footwear collection offering unparalleled variety in an extensive range of sizes, colors, and styles that give each shoe a unique style and character. AK Anne Klein footwear provides fashion, quality, and comfort at an affordable price point that's perfect for every modern woman's lifestyle.

An exciting variation on the classic features that make Chaco an industry leader in sport sandal design and comfort, the Chaco ZX/2 women's sandal swaps out the classic single strap assembly for the fit advantages of a dual strap model. The parallel, infinitely adjustable, narrow straps adjust independently of one another so if a strap runs over the top of a contour unique to your foot, an adjustment can be made to alleviate any pressure. Underfoot the Chaco ZX/2 sandals hike like air-conditioned hiking boots, thanks to the Vibram Unaweep outsole and BioCentric footbed contour. The Vibram sole offers all-terrain traction in and out of the water while the BioCentric footbed supports the foot in a neutral position for a healthy stride. The split toe design also contributes to the hiking boot comparison, adding an extra element of forefoot control in addition to the standard strap that crosses over the top of the forefoot. The Chaco ZX/2 sandal's polyester webbing feels soft against the skin and the toe loop does not pull straight back like a typical thong. Furthermore, this material dries faster than nylon and maintains a consistent fit if your adventures find you repeatedly going in and out of the water.

Bearpaw's Plush slipper is comfortable and warm!  The soft, sheepskin footbed and lining will keep your paws cozy.  Shipping

Capezio's Student Footlight shoe is perfect for any performance, whether it's character, theatrical, or you can even attach taps on its scored leather sole. The shoe features a traditional buckle closure for custom fitting, and a shapely, mid-cut heel that's just the right height.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

The Merrell Spire Stretch will fit and feel better than your favorite sneakers and look good enough for all the places you wouldn't wear your sneaks, even if they were this comfortable. This women's slip on features an anatomical footbed with an arch bridge, that supports the foot from the heel to the toe stride. The full grain leather upper features a Lycra and Neoprene stretch collar for a flattering fit. This Merrell shoe has an insulated lining treated with Aegis antimicrobial technology to keep your feet comfy. The Spire sticky rubber outsole maintains excellent grip, traction, and a steady stride. The Merrell Spire Stretch supplies easy access and great fall fashion!

Women's Ryka N - gauge Innovation Athletics. BIG BUCKS OFF! Cool air-conditioning for your feet! Look at all the tiny holes, designed to let air pass through and release heat build-up. Did somebody say comfortable? They are! So is the discount price! All due to a style change! Stylish synthetic leather and breathable mesh uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Impact-absorbing EVA midsole; Removable, polyester-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon and mesh lining; Padded tongue / collar; Reflective safety accents; TPR arch support; Each approx. 9 ozs. State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Medium width. Take these out for a spin. Order Today! Women's Ryka N-gauge Innovation Athletics, White / Silver / Green

Our light, durable messenger bag is business-ready and full of convenient storage space. | 100% ripstop polyester Adjustable shoulder strap Mesh water bottle holder Easy access zippered pocket Clips closed and has a main zippered compartment Dimensions

Dress to impress in this oxford from Dr. Martens. The sturdy construction you've come to expect from the brand combines with wingtip-inspired trim for a classically wearable look. Its leather linings are breathable, while the thick rubber outsole is bouncy and exceptionally durable.	Expressive attitude to match your urban demeanor in the 3989 Wingtip oxford from Dr. Martens. Goodyear welt construction gives added support with a powerful bond between upper and sole. PVC Air Cushion sole is a flexible and lightweight foundation for urban exploration.

In 1804, T. & A. Evans (Thomas and Amos) were running a small shoe business connected with a general store in the town of South Reading. There was no shoe factory as we know it today, just a small shop where Thomas and Amos cut the leather for their shoes. The actual shoe making was farmed out among the people of the town, while Thomas and Amos supplied them with uppers, soles, counters and heels to be assembled into shoes. All shoes were sewed by hand whenever the shoemaker-farmers could spare the time. Today L.B. Evans is owned and operated as a division of Daniel Green Enterprises. Many of the traditional gentleman's slipper styles are still part of the line, but the business has grown to include new updated classics, premium products including elk and deer, and an array or rugged, warm outdoor styles. Daniel Green Enterprises remains committed to the quality and comfort guarantee that the Evans brothers established over 200 years ago.	Pedal - to - the - metal L.B. Evans Driving Mocs. Driving Miss Daisy or just feeling lazy? Either way, these top-grade Mocs are designed for miles of cloud-like comfort. Average weight for a single shoe is a barely there 10 ozs. for pure luxury! Excess spells comfortable BIG BUCKS OFF! Stylish full-grain tumbled-leather uppers; Sure-grip Driving Moc outsole; Removable, leather-lined EVA insole for comfort; Unlined for cool breathability; 360-degree lacing for a custom fit; Each approx. 3"h.; State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Happy motoring. Now "drive" your order in today! Men's L.B. Evans Driving Mocs, Black

The Trump-101 loafer from Demonia by Pleaser has some real funk in its sole. An unavoidably thick heel and platform put real girl power in your step. The outsize toe gives this shoe a slightly distorted look that's deliciously off-center.	Heel Height

Walk tall with springy comfort when you wear these tall cork wedges. A great complement to jeans and casual dress, they offer a spare suede leather upper with an adjustable buckle for an optimal fit.	This flat will be in every shoe lover's style guide  Shiny synthetic upper  Fabric lining  Synthetic sole  Lightly padded footbed

It is quick and easy to use.Dries in seconds.There's no more mess.It gives a bright and long-lasting shine to shoes.Conditions the shoes with silicone, mink oil and lemon.

Carolina ST AeroTrek Athletic Mid Hikers. For the trail or the jobsite. A steel toe, and slip, oil, chemical and abrasion resistance put these Hikers a step above the rest. You'll feel the difference

These shoes are so classy and sexy they can be used for business, pleasure, evening, special occasions AND with many costumes from Sexy Senoritas and Divas to Devils and Fairy Tale Witches!

On Your Feet is Chinese Laundry's trendsetting casual brand. This dynamic collection offers an array of funky flats, oxfords, slip-ons, sandals, and boots in progressive fabrications.

The 25" Shoe horn makes it easy to put virtually any shoe on from any angle without excessive bending. There are eight individual pieces (view pictures above) that create this shoe horn. It consists of a polished solid wood spindle attached by means of a brass spring to a high quality plastic tortoise-shell shoe horn. We top it off with a hanger cap for convenient storage. It makes a perfect gift idea for various occasions (Holiday gift, Corporate / Business gift, etc.). You can even gift wrap the box we ship it in. YOUR SATISFACTION IS GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY BACK (notify us within 30 days of purchase date). We also provide a 19" shoe horn and a 31" Long Handle Shoe Horn on amazon.

The triple buckle means business on this black leather boot from Harley Davidson. Large metal notches allow for you to tighten the boot to your liking. 6" shaft, 2 1/2" heel. Features include full grain leather upper, full length cushion sock lining, inside zipper and rubber outsole with Leeward wrapped heel.

Dressy tassels and a more flexible handsewn toe. Comfort doesn't have to cost you style. Florsheim Vincent Loafers combine dressy tassels and kilty with flexible handsewn toe. More flexibility, no "puckering" and a better fit for your toes. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Waterproof Nubuck leather upper. 200-gram Thinsulate(tm) Insulation adds warmth. Permanent direct-attach molding seals out water. Patented, long-lasting Dri-lex(r) lining wicks away sweat and keeps skin dry and comfortable. Removable double density footbed adds cushioning and stability. Tough, lightweight polyurethane midsole. Fiberglass shank stabilizes foot, weighs 75% less than steel and reduces fatigue. Also available in steel toe style #W03294.

Add an exotic flair to your footwear collection and pamper your feet with the 14030 sandal from Helle Comfort. Intriguing textures, metallic accents, and patent sheens distinguish this head-turning, open-heel sandal. Double adjustable buckles let you customize your perfect fit, while a subtle heel elevates your style. Like all Helle Comfort shoes, the 14030 features extra arch support, a padded footbed, and metatarsal support, providing all-day (and all-night) comfort.	Helle Comfort is the perfect brand for women who want total, anatomically designed comfort, in styles that are pretty and feminine! Helle Comfort was started in 1997 by husband and wife team Peter and Martina Helle. They developed Helle Comfort for the sophisticated woman who demands comfort, but does not want to look like she is wearing comfort shoes. The styles, which utilize many unique Italian leathers, Swarovski crystal ornaments, feminine heels and adjustability to fit widths ranging from 2W to 4A, can be worn casual-to office-to evening. Helle Comfort styles provide superior arch support, metatarsal support, and padded, flexible footbeds. Numerous styles have REMOVEABLE cork/latex arch support footbeds that are Dr. prescribed for support in our European market. These are great for travelling. Helle Comfort shoes provide the best looking comfort in footwear!

Be whisked away on a romantic getaway wearing the Hanton sandal from Rockport. This enchanting sandal has genuine leather cross front bands with subtle contrast stitching, a polished silver buckle detail, a rubber outsole, and a latex footbed with Rockport's Dynamic Suspension DMX foam chamber that provides premium cushioning and tricks you into thinking your walking on air. Feel casual while you're dressed up with the Hanton.	Brand and Style - ROCKPORTHanton    Size - 10    Width - Medium (B, M)    Color - Black    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Soft, durable Kangaroo leather upper with die-cut EVA midsole. Olympia formed rubber outsole.

Cole Haan Men's Pinch Tassel Mahogany

Get on your bike and ride in these sleek, motorcycle boots made of rich-looking leather. You won't be sacrificing comfort or functionality for style in these babies

jumpp green fabric 90

jumpp green fabric 95

BIG BUCKS OFF Guide Gear Sympatex Wellingtons. Waterproof. Breathable. Anti-odor! Get the hunting edge without the in-store middleman markup. Waterproof leather and 1,000-denier nylon uppers; Sympatex waterproof membrane hides odor; Camo-wrapped EVA midsole for comfort; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Non-insulated. Each is approx. 9 3/4"h., 32 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Go with top performance. Order up today! Men's Guide Gear Sympatex Wellingtons, Realtree Hardwoods Green

A great cleaner/conditioner for all smooth leather and exotic skin boots. Will not change the coloration of your boots, but will keep them from drying and cracking. A small application will cover your boots and ensure that you're boots will look good for a long time to come. 8 fluid ounce bottle. Extends the life of leather. Two light coats are better than one heavy coating. Ideally, clean & condition your boots a minimum of 2 times a month. Do not use on "distressed or crazyhorse" leather as it will permanently darken this leather. Liquid.

Designed to bring a smile to your little puddle jumper's face, the Ladybug umbrella from Western Chief lets your child play all day in the rain. Made with durable nylon and sporting a cute ladybug print, complete with spots and pop-up antennae, this umbrella keeps kids warm and dry, no matter how wet the weather. To complete the look, pair this umbrella with the Ladybug rain boot and rain coat.	Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids family of children's shoes and accessories are built to outfit your little ones from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child can now wear Western Chief's array of products in any kind of weather. They even have slippers, so kids can wear their favorite characters indoors!

Classic styling and beautiful smooth leather give this small structured handbag a timeless look

The Jamaika sandal from Finn Comfort has that casual laid-low look that you want with the ultimate comfort that your tired feet need. Its smooth leather upper is so soft and supple that it will hug your foot in ease with its Velcro straps that will adjust to the perfect fit. Its amazingly curvy footbed has an orthopedic design that will mold to your foot so comfortably when you walk that it will feel like a dream.	Embrace the sunshine in the Finn Comfort Jamaica 82519! Exquisitely handcrafted and set in a leather upper, this women's slide features adjustable straps for a perfect fit. The removable footbed of this Finn Comfort sandal is anatomically contour molded and ergonomically designed to reflect the natural shape of a healthy foot. Made of natural cork, hevea latex from the rubber tree, woven layers of jute and lined with rich organically tanned suede, the Finn Comfort footbed encourages good posture and proper foot function while cradling and guiding your feet from heel to toe. May your getaway in the Finn Comfort Jamaica 82519.

Take charge in rugged, comfortable Danner Elite Series Power Foreman GTX Work Boots. These make a long work day feel a whole lot shorter. At least from your feet's perspective. The upper of this classic tradesman Boot has all the elements of heavy-duty materials and construction, with leather that's waterproof, extra-thick and alkali-resistant. Yet the outsole is soft, self-cleaning, non-marking and pleasingly light-weight. Great for going back and forth between the job site and the office. Here's the scoop

Check out our newly developed cotton, coolmax  and wool compression travel/support socks! Combined with the circulatory advantages of Smart Compression Technology, Travel-Tec Holofiber Legwear provides unparalleled comfort for all of life's journeys. We have done our research and find our socks to be competitively priced as travel legwear (with compression) can cost upwards of $50! These socks represent the best in comfort, value, and contain the most allowable amount of linear compression (12-16mmHG) in a non-medical product. Not only for travelers this sock can provide therapeutic pain relief from tired/swollen feet; ideal for nurses, pregnancy, postal workers and anyone else on their feet for long periods of the day. Even many professional athletes now wear compression socks to improve performance! We stand behind all our products with our No Risk Guarantee and are confident you will not find a better travel sock, especially with the benefits of Holofiber and SCT(Smart Compression Technology). Holofiber works with the body's own resources allowing clinically-proven and measurably-increased percentages in blood oxygenation. Holofiber is proven by science now prove it to yourself!

Harley-Davidson Footwear makes riding, after-riding and streetwear-specific styles featuring the unmistakable Harley-Davidson attitude and performance.This attitude comes through loud and strong in the logo treatments and performance features in various combinations in each style.Coming from a background centered on a free spirit attitude, it was a natural choice to emblazon their banner with the words

Get your day started off right with a tote that's big enough-and sturdy enough-to carry everything you need to get you through the afternoon. Constructed of heavy-duty polyester with a strong vinyl backing, it's sure to work just as hard as you do. Bag also has a handy open front pocket. Measures approx. 19" W x 12" H x 4-1/2" D with a 22" handle.

The Vigor Insight from Skechers is a true high-tech jogging shoe. With its extra-padded collar and tongue and moisture-wicking sockliner, comfort won't be an issue, plus it has torsion control and traction features to help your performance.	Look beyond the obvious with Skechers Vigor - Insight. This ultra-stylish jogger features a Trubuck /mesh upper with a logo-layered design for modern flair. The EVA midsole provides maximum shock absorption, while the rubber outsole means stability and traction control. A padded collar and footbed extend the comfort factor. On the track or around town, Skechers Vigor - Insight is the ideal shoe for you.

Lily Waters handbags are designed to lighten up your life. The  hand-selected fabrics are soft and virtually weightless. The combination of fabrics used evoke their own personality that lends itself to a casual and fun lifestyle. The bags fold with ease for traveling and can be spot-cleaned if soiled.

Substantially lighter than steel toe, but just as tough; the Men's Wolverine Guardian CarbonMAX Safety-Toe EH Slip Resistant Work Boot (8 in.) offers the same protection at a fraction of the weight. The full grain leather uppers provide long-lasting durability and the Wolverine Rubber Lug slip resistant outsole provides improved traction that lasts. Take advantage of the ultra lightweight Wolverine CarbonMAX safety toe in the Wolverine Men's Guardian CarbonMAX Safety-Toe EH Slip Resistant Work Boot (8 in.) and experience the difference.

This Elk Tracker boot from Irish Setter is heavy-duty and ready to work hard for you. It's fully waterproof and insulated, thanks to the Gore-Tex linings and 1000g Thinsulate, and with the memory foam EVA insole and ScentBan odor inhibitor, you'll stay comfortable and refreshed at all times. Its aggressive Bulls-Eye rubber outsole has multi-directional lugs for premium footing and balance.	Icy c-c-c-cold temps? Warm up to 1,000 gram GORE-TEX Irish Setter Elk Trackers! Don't let the frigid temperatures put the kibosh on your hunt! Wear these ultra-toasty Irish Setter Elk Trackers. They offer beefy 1,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. So now when you're passing time in your tree stand, your dawgs won't be "chilling out" with frozen complaints. You'll be able to concentrate exclusively on bagging game, not the big toe shivers. Add in GORE-TEX 100% waterproof for bone-dry feet, guaranteed. Foot odors are gone, due to an exclusive scent control process. Tough brown leather uppers. And they're comfortable. All the goodies you need for a warm, dry hunt without complaints. More

Full Insole for ALL shoes! Stop the pain of killer shoes with the first ever full insole that can also be worn in open toe shoes and sandals! Killer Kushionz combine the comfort and style of Tip Toes and Haute Heelz all in one for heel to toe! Killer Kushionz are ideal for Flats too! Go ahead; see if those killer shoes can stop you now!

ClimaCool technology in this shoe provides the neutral footstrike runner with all-around performance by keeping the foot dry and cool through 360 ventilation. The functional synthetic open mesh upper wicks and ventilates for optimum temperature control, while a midfoot rib chassis and vented sockliner channel airflow to relieve heat buildup. adiPRENE in the heel cushions the landing, adiPRENE+ in the forefoot offers efficient toe-off, and midfoot Torsion System adds stability. Blown and carbon rubber outsole. Weight 12.4 oz.

Looking to stand out, but not show off? Since 1981, the Jazz O's have been Saucony's most popular shoe, offering extreme comfort and classic, not-trying-too-hard style with now-legendary triangular lugs and plenty of cushioning.	Old school style makes these popular Saucony Jazz Original sneakers a standout basic runner.Nylon and suede upper in a running sneaker styleLace-up front with a padded collar and tongueTextile lining and cushioning, removable insoleShock-absorbing striped EVA midsoleDurable rubber traction outsole

ClimaCool, adidas' 360 degree ventilation technology, keeps your feet cool and dry in these performance socks. Half cushioned on ball, heel and toe for added durability and comfort. - Order Multiple

The ASICS GEL-Trail Sensor WR is for the trail runner looking for a shoe that can adapt and handle all types of terrain. This trail running shoe provides superior traction, ultimate protection and cushioning. Nano-Tech material provides a highly water resistant upper without loss of breathability. Trail-specific Impact Guidance System (IGS) allows foot and shoe to work together in unison with the trail, providing the ulitmate ride. Solyte midsole material is lighter than standard EVA and SpEVA combined with improved cushioning and durability. GEL Cushioning Systems attenuate shock during impact phase and toe off phases. Trail Sensor allows rearfoot to decouple for optimal traction on uneven terrain. Forefoot rock plate provides forefoot protection against rocks and roots. Wt. 13.0 oz.

204425WCG8 Features

The Kluge Leather Travel Sport bag is made of full grain cowhide that will age beautifully to a softer touch. The tan cowhide will darken to a handsome natural patina. The bag can carry clothing, shoes, tools, books and many other items. It is perfect for a weekend getaway. The sport bag is airline carry-on approved. It also has fourteen pockets and compartments which include a full length shoe/wet pocket. The outside has a front zippered pocket and the top has a double entry system with a leather pull strap. The side has two zippered compartments which open completely for easy access. There are five protective bottom feet. The handles are double leather with a handle wrap for comfort. The shoulder strap is adjustable and removable. Dimensions

7" Pointed Stiletto Sandal.

The ASICS GEL-Nimbus VII running shoe is ideal for the neutral or underpronating runner looking for guidance and cushioning from heel strike to toe-off. Biomorphic Fit upper provides enhanced fit and comfort while decreasing the potential for irritation. SpEVA 45 last helps increase rearfoot cushioning and long-lasting comfort. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems offer maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation in all planes of motion. Advanced Space Trusstic System creates a pocket that allows for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait while allowing for natural foot movement. Wt. 10.7 oz.

Molded EVA footbed, synthetic band with Reebok logo.

2 Inch Platform Creeper Women's Size Shoe With Hearts.

SAVE BIG on Magnum Midnight Plus Chukkas. March to the tune of comfort and savings! Full-grain leather and 900-denier nylon uppers for style, durability; Slip and oil-resistant carbon rubber flex-groove outsole for top traction; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort, support; Moisture-wicking Cambrelle lining; Approx. 5 3/4"h. and 27 ozs. each. State Width

The Betula Woogie features a 3-band Natural leather upper with buckles that can be adjusted for your own comfort and support.Product Specifications

Women's responsive cushioned trainer for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and flexibility.

Jack Rogers Navajo Sandal is a handsewn thong sandal done in metallic silver leather. Leather lining and leather soles.

The L.B. Evans Houston is a classic slip-on scuff slipper for men of all ages. The cotton twill and suede upper allows your feet to breathe while the fleece lining keeps them warm. The cozy fleece has an argyle print design, and the durable indoor/outdoor sole has a playful golf motif.	Slide into cozy comfort with the L.B. Evans Houston slipper. This men's slide is crafted with a supple suede upper for durable style. An argyle patterned, fleece lining adds to the look and lends sure warmth, while a memory foam-padded footbed offers support and interior ease. The L.B. Evans Houston slipper carries you on a durable sole suitable for indoor and outdoor wear.

5 inch Heel Stretch Knee Boots Women's Size Shoe With Inner Zipper.

iglou black suede 90

Features Custom Ride Management (CRM) , a system with two distinct variations of stability ro meet the needs of a wide range of runners who have varying degrees of pronation. Air mesh upper with reflective material. Responsive EVA midsole with firm, midfoot support bridge, rearfoot Grid System, forefoot HRC, E.A.S. System. XT-600 blown carbon rubber outsole with forefoot flex grooves and XT-900 carbon rubber heel. Moderate Stability

Penny Loves Kenny is a fashion-forward shoe collection like no other, bringing fun and fashion with funkiness and flair. Penny designs each and every style with European inspiration -- in order to provide the consumer with quality and high fashion at an affordable price.

Blossom your way into spring with this striking evening bag by Carlo Fellini. Covered in smooth satin, this evening bag is complete with a fully beaded flower on the side. The kiss lock closure opens up to reveal two removable chains and plenty of room to carry all your evening necessities.

Maybe you don't require an ascot and pipe, but you'll still appreciate the warmth, comfort and slip-on convenience of these Uggs Ascot Slippers for men. Uggs designed their Ascot using authentic Australian sheepskin, so beneath the suede upper you'll find a plush and breathable layer of no-itch fleece throughout the lining. Unlike some traditional slip-on leather slippers with thin outsoles, these Uggs Ascot Slippers have a defined rubber outsole with a reinforced heel section that doesn't easily fray or wear down. Check out the product reviews online and you'll find that some guys wear their Uggs Ascots outdoors and around campus. Whether you're relaxing around the house or running your recycle bins out to the curb, Uggs Ascot Slippers for men are functional, casual footwear that keeps your feet warm around the house. One last suggestion

Whether strolling through a shopping center or wherever your day takes you, you'll arrive in good form in the Mall Walker from Hush Puppies. Sporting a classic style, it features a lightweight crepe sole and is designed with Comfort Curve technology to flex in all the right places.	A Hush Puppies favorite! A traditional moc front walking shoe, featuring an EVA sole for lightweight comfort. Our exclusive Comfort Curve flexes where your feet flex. Breathable linings and contoured removable footbeds make these walking casuals take you anywhere. Imported.

It's okay to stray from the beaten path with the Alabama oxford from Birkenstock. This amazingly comfortable and earthy shoe has a suede upper, Birkenstock's signature suede lined footbed, four eyelet lace up closure, brushed metal hardware accents, and a textured flexible rubber outsole for traction on multiple surfaces. Make the Alabama a staple in your casual wardrobe.	Fully enclosed comfort shoe on the original contoured Birkenstock footbed. Soft and easy uppers are fully adjustable. Has a shock absorbing PU sole. The footbed provides pronounced arch support, a deep heel cup and a roomy toe box. Covered with a suede liner. The footbed molds and shapes to your foot. Fully resoleable and renewable.

Be Ocean Minded and take some of the sting out of environmental pollution with the super-comfy and earth-conscious Scorpion thong. Made of natural and sustainable resources, its soft woven straps and cushy contoured footbed will keep your feet stepping happyand helping to make a difference.	The Ocean Minded Scorpion men's sandal features a luxurious suede leather footbed. It's designed with a canvas strap and a recycled gum rubber outsole.

sweater pink fabric 110

Designed for late fall and early winter hunting, the USA-made Hood Winter Light features GORE-TEX lining for breathable, waterproof protection, and 200G Thinsulate Insulation for comfort on cold days. A full-grain leather upper combined with Danners famous stitchdown construction provides rugged durability and a wider platform for sure footing. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole delivers traction and stability over tricky terrain.	When the cold winds start to blow, look to Danner Elite Series Hood Winter Light 200 gram Boots. Perfect for late fall and early winter hunts. Many a hunter grew up admiring the familiar star pattern of this boot's Vibram Kletterlift outsole. The Hood Winter Light 8" 200 Gram helped establish Danner's proud stature among insulated boot brands and they remain a favorite among hunters who believe that a good pair of boots is a necessity. Here's more

A great shoe for casual day wear, the Rockport men's Northfield Oxford sports a ruggedly handsome style and weather-proof construction. Full-grain waterproof leather and a padded collar and tongue keeps your feet dry and blister free. Featuring a rubberized EVA outsole for durable shock absorption and fiberlong shank support, this lace-up is comfortable even when you're in a hurry. For a low-key yet fashionable style, pair this versatile shoe with jeans, khakis, or corduroys.	Casual, laid-back style! WATERPROOF Rockport Northfields. Nab these Rockports for breathable, foot-cushioning comfort... with 100% waterproof protection! Rockport's eagle-eyed quality inspectors sent back this small batch. At The Guide, you're guaranteed to get 100% performance out of these "B-grades," but with cash off the regular retail price! Waterproof full-grain leather uppers; Hydro-shield 100% waterproof, breathable protection; Blown-rubber outsole for a foot-cushioning grip; Repairable Goodyear welt construction; Removable, mesh-lined dual-density kinetic air circulator insole; Wicking nylon lining; Approx. 13 ozs. each. State Width and Size. Order Today! Rockport "B-grade" Waterproof Northfields, Brown

The boot pile-up at your kid\222s play date can get epic. The fun camo design on the Kamik Little Boys\222 Rocket 2 Boots makes it easy for your boy (and for you) to remember which boots are his.Product FeaturesMaterial

Made in the USA! Credit Card Pouch / Coin Holder by North Star. Made in the USA. Small but big enough to hold credit cards, folded currency, drivers license and coins. A great front pocket wallet. The pouch is constructed with soft full grain leather with zipper closure and divider pocket. For a larger view of this item, please click on the pictures. Measures 3.5 in. X 5 in. Available in Black and Brown.

duke black pulsar 110

2 large front pockets with Velcro closures make organizing easy; striped interior lining for a stylish accent. Made of 12-ounce cotton twill. Measures 16.25"w x 11.75"h x 5"d.

Full Grain Leather. Split Sole Jazz Shoes. Excellent split-sole design for maximum flexibility. Butter-soft Full Grain Leather upper. Inner sock lining provides comfort. Fit instructions

Perfect for all-day climbing in comfort, the Spire shoe from Five Ten is a climber's dream. The leather shoe molds comfortably to your foot with its lace-up front and easy double pull-on loops, and its slingshot heel keeps your foot perfectly in place.	103741 Features

The FootFitter Premium Professional Boot Stretcher has a superior quality beech wood foot piece that is specifically designed to fit into your regular (NOT Western Style) boots. A long jointed handle allows you to work the stainless steel mechanism from the top of your boots. Three plugs can be inserted into the foot piece for relief of pressure points. Shapes and sizes of the FootFitter Premium Professional Boot Stretcher accommodate the differences in mens and womens styling - we don't just re-name the same product. This product is expertly made in Germany using the finest materials for guaranteed satisfaction.

Steve Maddens Bulivard sneaker will add a dressy touch to a comfortable athletic-styled shoe. The full, lace-up closure, padded collar and insole, fabric lining, and rubber outsole will work together to calm and cushion your step, and the topstitched leather and nubuck upper will give you a fashionable kick.	Sporty sneakers for all - day comfort! Steve Madden Bulivard Casuals, ON SALE! How often you do see a pair of no-nonsense Sneakers anymore? Time to meet these Bulivard Casuals. Just the right look to match your favorite pair of jeans this weekend. From running chores to all-purpose lounging, you'll be hard pressed to find a reason to take 'em off. And thanks to a discontinued style, these are BIG BUCKS OFF the original shoe-store price! WOW

Two large front pockets in addition to a spacious interior with a stylish pinstripe lining.12-ounce cotton twillPockets with hook and loop closures keep contents more secureDimensions

Birko-Flor or Birkibuc upper, contoured cork footbed with suede liner, EVA sole, rubber outsole.     European Size 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47   U.S. Size  (men's) 7-7.5 8-8.5 9-9.5 10-10.5 11-11.5 12-12.5 13-13.5 14-14.5

Sleek style and a thoroughly cushioned stride will be yours with the Mardi mule from  Naturalizer. The smooth leather upper has a classic but contemporary design that'll be very  versatile, but what you'll enjoy the most is the superior comfort provided by the V-shaped elastic  gore, soft-knit-lined insole with thick padding, and flexible, shock-absorbing outsole.	Kick on these versatile, super comfortable clogs from Naturalizer, they're perfect for work or weekend looks.  Smooth leather upper in a low backed casual clog style, with a rounded toe, stitched seam accents, and an easy on design.  Smooth lining, cushioned comfort insole.  Flexible traction patterned outsole, and a built in 3/4 inch flat style heel.

Innovative training shoe for the runner who seeks support and cushioning. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical CMEVA midsole, Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) in rearfoot directs the foot from heel-to-toe allowing more natural gait, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems provide shock attenuation at initial impact and propulsion phase, extended DuoMax medial post adds static stability and shores the midfoot, two-density DuoTruss System links rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial impact. Wt. 9.4 oz.

Destined to be a classic, this low-heeled dress pump from Naturalizer will fast  become your go-to shoe. The shoe features a smooth polished leather or suede upper,  with a stylish round toe, seamless design, and delicate collar stitching.	Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.

#660240  Build your ideal Boot! TUNIT +F50.7 Start Kit lets you change your boot based on weather, style and conditions

Enjoy all-star footwear from one of the most recognized and trend setting designers in the world today. With an incredible range of styles, the Anne Klein footwear line is sure to provide the perfect complement for any occasion. From casual to dress, with Anne Klein there's no compromising style, comfort, or function. It's simply a perfect fit.

The Moira thong sandal from Rampage is a go-to shoe, great with anything from denim to work looks to dresses. This shoe features a strappy upper with a loopy design offering plenty of visual punch. A not-too-high heel provides a pretty and totally walkable lift, and a metallic lining offers a touch of shine.	Add a pop of vibrant fashion with the Moira dress sandals by Rampage.

You're sure to create pleasant memories when you wear this smooth leather and suede vamp flat  Smooth/suede leather upper  Gold-tone metallic vamp ornament  Smooth lining  Padded insole  1/2" flat heel

The open road calls. You answer in comfortable Chippewa Steel Toe Engineer Boots. On-track and PRICED LESS! Born to be wild! Head out on the highway, looking for adventure. With your feet planted in these gorgeous Chippewa Boots. Tough as nails on the outside. Comfortable on the inside. 100% American made. Sure to get your motor running, especially at my discount price. Due to my volume buy, you can save big ones! Built right

Justin Mens Classic Roper Pull On Boots with 10" calf skin leather shaft and foot, Single row fancy stitch welt, J-Flex Flexible Comfort System insole, Western style high fashion yet rugged and durable, Leather outsole, Color

****Black/White/Black, White/Navy and White/Red will not be available to ship until the middle of September.**** Classic inspired style for players of all abilities. Synthetic/Patent leather upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, Torsion system, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole.  Wt. 14.5 oz.

6" Heel Clear Mule W/Money In Bottom

You'll love Capezio's Stretch Jazz ankle shoe for superior comfort while you're at practice. The leather shoe features a stretch fabric arch and side supports that mold to the perfect fit. The textured split sole offers traction on any surface.	Slip-on split sole. Improved upper constructed of top quality supple leather. Stronger, cleaner, folded edges. Patented PowerPointe Construction removes excess material from the arch. Dual gore inserts enable the shoe to stretch and hug the foot. Smaller EVA forefoot patch for traction where needed. Injected PVC heel for improved stability and shock absorption. Raked heel breast for a cleaner line. Split sole suede elasticized sockliningprovides flexibility. Professional fitting, high quality shoe. Begin 1/2 size up from street shoe size men 2 1/2 sizes up.

Hot pursuit? Danner Telson GORE-TEX Boots are dashing speedsters. Bad guys on the run, watch out! These top Telson action Boots deliver zippy athletic performance so good guys have the edge. The best of all worlds is here for experts unwilling to compromise support, stability and toughness. Instead of a rigid steel shank, the support system utilizes a lightweight exoskeleton chassis. A fancy name that provides heel-to-toe comfort, while still delivering flexibility and support. Uppers are full-grain leather and 1,000-denier Cordura; Tough EXO construction; EVA and rubber cushioning midsole; Danner EXO Uniform outsole; Cambrelle moisture-wicking nylon lining; GORE-TEX waterproof / breathable bootie; Non-insulated for cool breathability; Thermo-molded urethane shank for stability; Each is approx. 8"h., 28 1/2 ozs. State Size. Get your new Boots! Men's Danner Telson GORE-TEX Boots, Black

Studio Ghibli My Neighborhood Totoro Wallet - large wallet measures approx 7.5 x 5in with zippered closures and is ideal size to store pens, cosmetics and small aceessories.

Lace - free class! Famous Florsheim quality shines with these stylish Marin Twin Gore Shoes. BIG BUCKS OFF! Comfort and world-class style merge! Get the best of both worlds with these famous Florsheim wonders. Sink your feet inside and discover the extreme cushioning. Just the cush your feet need for miles of wear, day in and day out. Seems a discontinued style kicks BIG BUCKS OFF the usual in-store price tag. You can rejoice! Uptown guy

101440GRY43 Features

This triangular shaped clutch handbag is made of synthetic silk and design with shiny sequins. The dimensions of the bag are 8 x 4 x 12 inches high including the handle. This bag goes well with a variety of outfits from casual to evening wear. This bag is available in other colors such as tan, coral, red, brown, burgundy and hot pink.

The perfect accessory for beach weddings, romantic honeymoons, bachelorette parties, or for your reception. These thong sandals have beads on straps and a slight platform heel.

Why buy imported items when excellent, American-made products are just as good or better than foreign goods?

Give your little one the gift of Italian style and craftsmanship. The Disruptor II sneaker features a Filabuck upper with a perforated toe to keep little toes cool and perspiration-free. Tongue and heel pull-on tabs make for easy entry and exit, and full laces offer an easily adjustable fit. A grippy rubber outsole delivers cushioning and sure-stepped traction.	The Disruptor II features a great looking and feeling upper for comfort and durability.

Give your feet a break! WATERPROOF LaCrosse Retriever Wellingtons, SAVE BIG! FOUR layers of cushioned comfort! Work Boots like these LaCrosse Wellingtons don't come around every day. Quad Comfort protects against the kind of jarring shock only a full day on the clock can force feet to endure. It shoulders the load at individual weight-bearing points, so your feet and knees don't have to. 100% waterproof, too, for all-day puddle protection. Go ahead and pull your next double shift with a smile! A discontinued style means you SAVE BIG! Ready to clock-in

This versatile fisherman sandal is dressy enough for special occasions yet built for play, with great durability and terrific comfort features.  The classic closed-toe fisherman design protects vulnerable toes while leaving plenty of gaps for feet to breathe.  The soft leather upper, comfort footbed, and padded heel strap add comfort, and the adjustable hook-and-loop instep strap creates an easy on and off and a secure custom fit.  This sandal is outfitted on durable and flexible rubber outsole with traction patterning for reliable grip.	Kid's Stride Rite , Angler  An update of our classic fisherman sandal, the Angler has a new  cross-hatch design that is dressy enough to wear for big days  andso comfy he's going to want to wear them every day!  This sandal has plenty of traction and support for all his outdoor adventures.  Leather upper  Hook-and-loop closure for ultimate adjustability  High-traction outsole gripping tough terrain  Cushioned footbed for plenty of comfort and support

Lightweight leather upper, tanned under Kelme special requirements for impressive glove-like fit. Contact-Grip vamp piece adds swerve and directioning. Extended tongue flap. Stitched and riveted for durability. Flexotex lasting board allows proper forefoot flex. TrX2 wide-lasted outsole with midsole shank. Wt. 11.3 oz.

For style that works from 9 to 5 and is still sweet enough to take anywhere from there, it's gotta be MIA's Limited Edition Audrey flat. This classic understated silhouette in luxe suede gets a modern interpretation thanks to a ladylike tapered toe. A bow at the vamp lends a sweet touch, while a smooth sole promises sleek moves wherever you go in MIA.	MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.

A supportive trainer featuring the combination of NB TS2 transitional support system and ABZORB cushioning technology in the heel and forefoot, which offers a stable cushioned ride.

The Converse Triple Deuce basketball shoe features a synthetic leather and nubuck upper. Double-lasted construction. Removable cushioned innersole. Non-marking rubber outsole.

A women's running shoe that offers cushion features in both the heel and forefoot. Open air mesh upper with synthetic leather overlays. The forefoot adiPRENE + unit provides cushioning with dynamic movement. Torsion System stability allows natural foot flexing for a comfortable, non-fatiguing stride. adiPRENE in the heel provides shock absorption. A combination blown rubber and carbon rubber outsole adds lightweight longevity. Weight 8.2 oz.

#807968  UPPER

These Lavine Dress Pumps from Anne Klein feature a sweet peep toe, grosgrain ribbon trim and bow detail. The three-inch heel is high enough to be sexy, but sturdy enough to inspire confidence, and the lightly padded leather footbed makes them easy on your feet from breakfast to after-hours fun.	AK Anne Klein offers an impressive footwear collection offering unparalleled variety in an extensive range of sizes, colors, and styles that give each shoe a unique style and character. AK Anne Klein footwear provides fashion, quality, and comfort at an affordable price point that's perfect for every modern woman's lifestyle.

clint black leather 110

#561003  Score with the +F30.7 Firm Ground Boot from adidas   Lightweight boot with a sleek, glove like fit, and Traxion Technology

Incredible comfort technology lies within the Wolverine Compressor system found in the Wolverine 4246. Why? This Wolverine Work Boot not only offers advanced Durashocks technology, but also provides 50% more cushioning and 30% more energy return when compared to conventional comfort systems. This Wolverine 4246 DuraShocks Compressor work boot . Well-developed and skillfully designed, the Wolverine 4246 men's work boot is well worth the price! This American made footwear will protect and support your feet and give you long lasting comfort. Discover what a Wolverine can do for you. Full grain leather uppers are used to make this boot sturdy and strong. Abrasion resistant fabric repels scuffs from everyday wear. Easy to maintain and quick break in time these leather boot are made to last. A Dri-Lex lining on the inside will keep your feet in a comfortable moisture controlled environment. The nylon lining has excellent moisture wicking capabilities and gives you longwearing breathability. The Wolverine 4246 is rated as an Electrical Hazard footwear. This certification gives you protection from open circuits up to 600 volts in dry conditions. Cut down work related accidents with this great protection. Trust the Wolverine name known for great footwear, you have nothing to lose. After all, this boot is not only comfortable; it is guaranteed comfortable with the DuraShocks 30-day comfort guarantee. That guarantee also applies to the 4248 steel toe, the 6" 4242 soft and the 6" 4244 steel toe versions of this boot Size

Keep it simple yet stunning with the Niantic wedge from Bandolino. With its reptile-embossed upper, your attitude gets a chic boost just like your leg line. A contrasting buckle feature at the toe lends the perfect amount of extra detail.	Texture mixes are totally on-trend and the Bandolino Niantic low-heeled pump gives you plenty to play with. The tailored upper of this women's wedge-heeled slip-on is crafted in leopard-printed cow fur or croc-embossed faux patent leather, suede trim and a suede strap detail with metallic circle ornament. A synthetic lining reduces friction, while a lightly cushioned footbed lends walking comfort. The sleek, stacked wedge midsole offers a smooth accent to the Bandolino Niantic wedge pump, while a textured synthetic sole provides reliable traction.

The Lotto Zhero+ FG-3F soccer shoe features purest weight-saving technologies for bursts to burn off opponents. Water-repellent microfiber upper with EVA padding and modular lacing. External heel counter boosts stability. Removable anatomical insole with Shock-Absorber in the heel zone. Nylon and fiberglass frame, Puntoflex. Wt. 9.0 oz.

Perfect for all kinds of weather, the wool-lined Driving Moc slipper from Staheekum keeps your feet comfortably warm and dry. Lined with wool plaid with natural suede on the outside, this classic moccasin features a flexible, non-slip rubber sole so you can wear it both inside and out.	Keep it cozy in the 921 slipper from Staheekum. This soft mocc has a grippy outsole for no-slip footing on hardwood floors plus a toasty flannel lining to keep you warm.

Black leather upper, Padded collar, Removable cushion insole, Vulcanized rubber sole, Sturdy consumer packaging

Slip into the super-sexy style of the Seduce pump from Pleaser. This sensuous shoe features the classic styling of an open-toe pump atop a totally towering heel giving you a statuesque and shapely silhouette. Contrasting lacing and a tiny bow offers a sweet touch, and a glossy finish adds to the allure.	Slip into the super-sexy style of the Seduce pump from Pleaser. This sensuous shoe features the classic styling of an open-toe pump atop a totally towering heel giving you a statuesque and shapely silhouette. Contrasting lacing and a tiny bow offers a sweet touch, and a glossy finish adds to the allure. 5 Inch Heel Open Toe Pump With Laces And Bow

Full Grain Leather and Nubuck Leather/Neoprene and Spandex Upper " Smooth Pigskin/Lycra Lining " Cita-XYTM AegisTM Antimicrobial Microfiber Wrapped Footbed " Nylon 6.6 Injection Molded Arch Shank " Q-FormTM Triple Density Compression Molded EVA Footframe " Air Cushion Midsole " Merrell OasisTM Sole/Sticky Rubber Weight

Reef's Grom Smoothy offers sweet style. It'll ensure an step easy for your little boarder, thanks to its triple-density EVA sole and anatomical arch support. A logoed outsole tread adds steady traction to the mix. Smaller toes (up to and including size 9/10) get more secure wear from the elastic back strap.Removable elasticized backstrap on sizes 3/4 Infant, 5/6 Infant/Toddler, 7/8 Toddler and 9/10 Toddler ensures a snug, secure fit.	Looking for the classic Reef flip-flop for your kid? Look no further than the Reef Grom Contour Smoothy Sandal. These kids' flip-flips are the pint-sized version of the quintessential Reefs. They feature woven straps, Reef's super-comfortable, triple-density EVA midsoles, and anatomically correct arch supports. On the infant sizes, the Grom Contour Smoothy Sandals have an optional elastic backstrap for additional heel support.Product FeaturesUpper Material

Women's Itasca Ice Breaker Waterproof Winter Boots... ready for the blustery weather you face! When your feet are cold, you're cold all over! Why put up with that discomfort during cold weather? Get yourself a pair of these Boots at my low Guide price! Features

All Neil M shoes are designed and produced to give you incredible comfort -- all day, on all surfaces, for all occasions. Neil M has achieved this through the integration of design, materials and manufacturing elements. For people with orthotics these shoes are not only orthotic friendly but a great fashionable alternative from the usual plain orthotic shoes. Neil M unitizes comfort foot beds and super-soft leathers together with specialized manufacturing techniques so that all our styles are amazingly comfortable.	From the Neil M. Mediterranean Collection. Add flair to the slacks and sport-coat routine with the Capri slip-on.  Contemporary fisherman-inspired upper in premium waxed leather.  Polyurethane footbeds are removable and leather-covered for breathability.  Poron insole is an ideal base for the addition of a personal orthotic.  Carbon fiber shank construction increases stability and is airport-friendly.  Synthetic outer sole is lightweight and flexes naturally for an effortless stride.  Weight

This go anywhere tote is great for around town, shopping and the beach thanks to its generous size and durable construction.  100% polyester.  Zippered top opening, front pockets, zippered inside pocket, key fob and black web handles.  15 1/2"w x 15 3/4"h x 7 1/4"d.

Don't waste time playing with suckers. Step your game up and demolish the slackers with the Nike Air Max 360 men's basketball shoes. If you take your shoes as seriously as you take you game, then you know you can't settle for some "okay" basketball shoes. You've gotta have good gear if you are going to play your best. "Why, I just don't know what gear is good, SHOEBACCA.com!" Have no fear, true believer; the Nike Air Max 360 men's basketball shoes are the bomb-diggity.The Nike Air Max 360 men's basketball shoes just look professional. Don't worry; they've got the guts to back up that stellar skin. The Max Air Unit runs the full length of the shoe, providing cutting-edge cushioning and shock absorption through every jump and run, and the sleek, premium leather upper offers a durable wrap to keep your feet safe and at top performance.

Flat slouchy are hot and trendy!  Featuring two adjustable buckles and a slouchy design, these are the boots to have if you want to stay comfortable and cute!  Low flat heel with a rubber outsole for grip.    Fabric lining.

#661104  Absolute Control   Absolute Comfort   Get the +Absolado Turf Boot with Traxion from adidas

Established in 1985, Annie Shoes has established itself as a Fashion Favorite for Moderate prices Footwear. Named after the Panda Bear ( ANNIE ) in the owners home town. With over 30 years experience in the footwear industry, Annie Shoes Prides itself on Quality and Fit. Offering a collection of Evening, Dress and Casual Footwear for everyone. With constant research of the market place we offer the most up to date detailing in materials, colors, and ornamentation. Enjoy your selection!!!!	Softspots 'Annie Hi' offers the same quality comfort features as the 'Annie Lo,' but with a noticeably higher wedge heel for a dressier look and feel. With its rich leather upper, supportive anatomical footbed, sturdy steel shank insole, and flexible polyurethane sole, the 'Annie Hi' is an inspired office-appropriate choice for anyone who spends much of their workday on their feet.

Durable synthetic leather upper. Performance non-slip heel lining. Extended and reinforced heel counter, die-cut EVA midsole and sockliner. New performance compression-molded rubber outsole.

When it comes to achieving fitness goals, everyone needs a support system, and thats exactly what the ASICS GT-2160 is for your foot. This classic runner provides moderate support and enhanced stability for runners of all strides. An exclusive SOLYTE midsole compound provides all the cushioning and comfort youll need in a shoe thats light and responsive. . Distinctive treading on the outsole delivers traction even on less than ideal surfaces.	#26363  Experience the reliable fit, stability and cushioning of the best selling GT 2000 series when you slip on the GT 2160 by Asics! This latest model keeps everything you loved about the series while pushing the envelope with an improved fit and reduced weight!

The original design that launched Sperry Top-Sider, this Men's Original 2-Eye Moccasin remains the benchmark for boating shoes. From the 360 lacing system with rust-proof eyelets to the shock-absorbing EVA heel cup, you can expect quality, comfort, and durability. Designed to be worn in all weather conditions, the leather uppers are stain and water resistant and the rubber sole with razor cut Wave Siping provides exceptional stability on wet or dry surfaces. Fans of these mocs say the longer you wear them, the better they look and feel.	Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.

This lightweight adidas tennis shoe offers an excellent balance of durability, performance and cooling for the aggressive tennis player. ClimaCool technology provides 360 degree cooling for the entire foot. adiTUFF upper offers abrasion resistance in the toe area. ClimaLite lining provides moisture management and comfort. A perforated ClimaCool sockliner delivers increased airflow. 3D TORSION provides the best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE insert offers comfort and shock absorption. adiPRENE+ insert delivers forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Encapsulated midsole construction provides an enhanced fit and support. adiWEAR outsole promises durability in high-wear areas.

The pink velour bunny slippers are sweet as can be with embroidered bunny faces and floppy ears. Slippers are lined with pale pink satin and stay securely on baby's tootsies with velour covered elastic. It has an embroidered message reads, Sweet Feet". Fluffy white tail is added to the slippers. It is machine wash cold on gentle cycle. This slipper fits babies between 0 to 6 months.

The New Balance 890 football shoe is a lightweight and supportive lo-top speed football shoe built for the fastest players on the field. Color

Roma Plastic Boot Jack - Nice and sturdy, no parts to break off this boot jack, all one molded unit.

clint dark brown 75

clint dark brown 70

Meet the HARVEYS, husband and wife Dana and Melanie Harvey. In March 1997, while installing seatbelts into their 1950 Buick, they had the idea of making Melanie a matching handbag. Everyone loved hers so much that they decided to make more. They started making them in their one car garage in California but quickly outgrew it. They've since expanded to a 12,000 ft2 design studio in Santa Ana, California where every SEATBELTBAG is lovingly built to exact specifications. The Harveys are committed to producing a bag of superior quality using the finest and most durable materials available. Never satisfied with the status quo, they are constantly adding new colors and styles.

Put on the Reef Missy sandal, chill on the beach all day, then go out on the town without having to change your footwear. This sandal is made with a thin woven polyester strap, Reef-Flex EVA construction with anatomical arch support and a high-density EVA outsole.

Two front arch zip pockets, small open pocket on back, side entry to main compartment, side phone pocket, and split zipper strap.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.

Who's the star of your retro show? You--in Pleaser's Gogo boot. This knee-high style is made of shiny patent in a form-fitting shape with a mod, sixties design that'll keep his eyes glued on you.	3 inch Gogo Boots Women's Size Shoe With Zipper.

You can pair the Maxwell oxford from Nunn Bush with everything from your favorite power suit to business casual wear. Stitching details on the upper give a modern, designer look to this sleek shoe. Its signature comfort get construction ensures you will stay comfortable all day long-no matter how much time you spend on your feet.	Cap off your look with the Maxwell dress casual shoe from Nunn Bush. This cap-toe leather shoe features Comfort Gel Construction for advanced cushioning and shock absorption. The leather lining, fully cushioned footbed, and flexible rubber sole ensure comfort, while a padded collar helps prevent blisters and slipping.

The 7th generation of what many runners consider to be the best overall training shoe ever. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low-light conditions. External molded heel counter adds maximum support. Molded OrthoLite antimicrobial moisture-wicking sockliner. Full-forefoot adiPRENE+ offers propulsion and efficiency. 3D Torsion System delivers enhances midfoot integrity. adiPRENE brings protection from harmful impact forces. Midfoot second density inserts help reduce overpronation. Decoupled heel helps deflect impact shock. QuickStrike(TM) gives lightweight durability and flexibility. Weight 10.8 oz.

The Reebok Velocity XC covered spike is designed for indoor/outdoor track and cross country. Synthetic and mesh upper adds comfort and breathability. IMEVA midsole offers cushioning and support. High abrasion multi-directional lug outsole provides durability and traction. Replaceable spikes.

Seashells to find, rocks to look under, and pranks to pull?your kid's schedule is pretty full, and the Rainbow Kids' Premier Leather Wide Strap Sandal keep those busy feet feeling awesome all day long.Product FeaturesStrap Material

Own the legend that is Dr. Martens... undeniable attitude, unmistakable style and legendary comfort! SAVE BIG! Comfort takes on a whole new meaning when it comes to Dr. Martens. Of course each style boasts the famous Dr. Martens AirWair bouncing outsole that transfers energy from your step back into your next step for ultimate comfort. Now if you own a pair of Docs, you know they've perfected comfort and stylish good looks. If you don't, take my word for it, and the word of the millions of people who agree. They're also comfortable on your wallet, thanks to discontinued-style Close-Out savings. Join the comfort revolution

The Walden loafer from Allen Edmonds nicely complements your professional attire or instantly dresses up a pair of jeans for a weekend gathering. This hand sewn moccasin features a cushioned inner lining, so it's always the stylish and comfortable choice.	Worth every penny, these premium quality dress loafers from Allen-Edmonds are refined and very handsome. Smooth premium calf leather upper in a dress penny loafer style, with a rounded toe featuring moc style stitched seam detail. Side stitching accents, with an instep overlay featuring a penny-style cutout. Smooth leather lining, with a leather topped cushioned insole. Smooth flat dress leather outsole, and a traction capped 1 inch dress style heel. Made in USA.

Sport your individual style in the Le Coq Sportif Wendon. Athletic by nature, this sporty casual shoe features a leather or Nubuck upper with a durable rubber outsole.

Stay warm and comfortable with Yukon from L.B. Evans. The supple suede construction features a moc-stitched toe and boat-style laces. The terry cloth lining and memory foam insole deliver soft support, while the rubber outsole is substantial enough for outdoor use.	L.B. Evans Atlin Men's Slippers. Relax in the classic L.B. Evans Atlin moccasin slipper with year-round terry cloth lining. Suede upper with leather collar. Genuine rawhide laces. Full-length Memory Foam insole. Indoor/outdoor durable outsole. Available in sizes up to EEE (Extra Wide).

44446 Features

SPECS

Protect your favorite footwear with this overshoe from Tingley. Its flexible rubber keeps the elements at bay, while the treaded outsole encourages steady footing.	Hi-top work shoe that covers the shoe up to the ankle. Chemical resistant. Ideal for applications in food processing, agriculture, general industry, and construction. No other hardware to conduct, tear, or snag.

It's all in the details with the amazingly comfortable Detail suede mule from Naturalizer. Leather overlays and contrast-colored stitchwork provide standout style, while a side laced panel with button and bow accents complete this unique look. With a beautiful soft nubuck or leather upper and a one inch heel, this Euro inspired mule will add a fashionable touch to any outfit.	womens

Atheltic style features tumbled leather with padded colar and tongue. The ghillie tie is reinforced with metal eyelets, compression molded shock spring cushion technology, the sole base is wider for shock dissipation and stride stability

Why carry the same old backpack that lags in the style department and weighs you down? The Healthy Back bag from AmeriBag has nothing but your best interests in mind! Its unique pear shape has been ergonomically designed to ease the load. Its adjustable strap allows over-the-shoulder or cross-body wear to help keep your back pain-free. With all the pockets inside, you'll stay organized while looking and feeling great.	Holds wallet, phone, comb, keys, sunglasses and water bottle. Compact daily bag.

Bally of Switzerland has been an integral player in the luxury goods business for over 150 years. Since, its inception in 1851, Bally has dedicated itself to revolutionizing the shoe-making industry by innovating new techniques to enhance comfort and style which inspired many of its competitors to imitate its standards of production and creativity all across the world. Bally continues to grow, customizing its image and products to better service the modern consumer, all the while upholding its roots in exceptional craftmanship, quality, and value.

Vince Camuto's Silver platform sandals feature uniquely designed extra-high platformed out-soles with metallic-lined cut-out detailing. These uber chic sandals also feature peep-toe styling and an adjustable metal buckle closure on the ankle straps. Wear your Silver sandals with your favorite cargo capris and tiny-tee for an up-to-the-moment look.	Vince Camuto is a true footwear innovator, both of design and of industry. The designer and creator of the Camuto group, Vince Camuto produces many brands and styles, and Vince Camuto women's shoes are among the most beautiful and finely crafted footwear available.

Online Exclusive! High tech, low impact sandals from Rainbow. Multiple densities of sponge rubber mold to your feet, and quality construction guarantees a long life. The kind of treatment your feet deserve through those long summer days and nights. Leather straps and upper. Nylon cording, rubber sole. Rainbow repair guarantee.

From a sail across the bay to a post paddle stroll, the Slack Tide Thong for women has proven to be the perfect compliment to an amphibious lifestyle. Uncompromised style, fit and traction in a sleek design are supported with a dual density footbed, a 360 degree lacing system, Quad Cut siping, and Gripstick rubber outsoles made with Round2Rubber material.

Waterproof Browning 8" Nubuck / Cordura Boots with GORE-TEX are your ticket to dry, comfortable feet while you're in the field. Quality you can count on. That's what you're stepping into when you put on a pair of Browning Boots. These 8" Boots have the rugged reliability you're looking for. Waterproof nubuck leather uppers with super-tough Cordura panels provide lightweight durability. Plus GORE-TEX bootie construction, moisture / odor absorbing insole and more. Don't settle for less! Details

The sleek Tarmac cap-toe oxford from Bostonian is one part business, one part pleasure. That's because it's combined rich full grain uppers with a shock-absorbing sole, plus all the luxury extras.	Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

Oiled Full Grain Leather Upper. Micro Fiber/Suede Lining. Ortholite Sock Liner. EVA Heel Cushioning Midsole. iTechnology Construction. T670 iTechnology Rubber Outsole. Padded ankle cuff. Electrical Hazard. Steel-Toe ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75.

The Super Jazz shoe from BLOCH is perfect for any performance or practice session. The smooth leather upper molds comfortably to little feet, while a stretch fabric panel secures the fit. Split sole constructions allows for maximum flexibility.	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

The Rider Ventilator Slide is designed to keep your feet cool and comfortable. Featuring Rider's exclusive Aerogel heel unit, ultra-light weight Flexpand vented sole and an adjustable PU strap with Velcro closure. Neoprene upper.

You'll love performing in the Jazz Tap shoe from Bloch. The durable leather design features a lace-up front for a custom fit, a skid-free rubber sole patch for grip, and breathable linings to keep you in comfort.	Bloch S0301 jazz style tap shoe with leather upper, full leather sole and reinforced toe box. The toe tap is attached to a secure resonating board for full sound and stability, rubber pad on metatarsal and attached Bloch Techno taps.

Designed for the spin move. Synthetic/mesh upper with overlays, raised medial collar for stability and support, molded EVA sockliner, board-lasted, smooth solid rubber outsole. 12.1 oz.

Lightweight and breathable mesh/synthetic upper with webbed ghillie lacing for adjustable fit, molded TPU quarters offers additional midfoot support. Multi-directional outsole in lug configuration provides secure footing on a variety of surfaces, forefoot pivot point adds rotational stability for hard durfaces, forefoot flex zone increases flexibility, lateral outrigger delivers additional lateral stability.

The Arcopedico Scala is a fashionable and versatile mary jane from Arcopedico's nature line. This women's mary jane features a premium leather upper that gently conforms to your foot and helps wick away moisture. The hook-and-loop instep strap allows adjustability for a personalized fit. A leather lined, latex insole is designed with extra heel cushioning for superior comfort and all day wearability. This Arcopedico mary jane shoe also has a non-slip, patented anatomic outsole that features PVC injected material with a twin support system. You'll always be in style with the Arcopedico Scala.

#011767  Score with Traxion Comfort with the +F10.7 TRX Firm Ground Boot from adidas

Barbie... in the Style Spotlight. Always a snapshot of what's hot at the moment, Barbie has been shaping styles for nearly five decades. A timeless symbol of fashion, beauty and femininity for girls of all ages, Barbie is everywhere girls are, including on-line, in movies and in fashion products like footwear!

B-B-B-Bootie! This sassy little number from J. Renee will turn more heads than just one. The Caden bootie has a croco embossed patent upper, a  flirty almond shaped toe, and a sexy heel, for great leg-lengthening qualities. Additionally, the gored panels on each allow for premium flexibility, so  your strut will mean some serious business.	In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.

Assert your leadership when you step out in these Captain Jack flops by O'Neill!Super-soft EVA midsoleMolded NuBuck leather footbedNeoprene lined strapImported

Unwind in the artistic embellishment of this stylishly crafted sandal Leather upper Synthetic nappa lining Cushioned insole Rubber/buffed leather sole 1-1/4 stacked heel

Perfed full-grain leather upper provides breathability, comfort and maximum performance. CMEVA midsole offers a responsive ride. Injected TPU arch adds increased arch support. Herringbone rubber outsole adds maximum traction and durability.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Kickstart your adventurous side in the 'Luneburg' ankle boots from Rockport.	Waterproof, full grain leather upper is easy clean and maintain.	Inner side zip gives you easy on/off access.

Thong upper with EVA midsole.

This casual sport sandal looks sensational in vegetable-tanned leather. With comfort to match, it's the kind of sandal you could walk in all day. Just right for your active summer, it features three adjustably buckled straps for a perfect fit. The sueded-fabric-covered footbed is contoured to mold to your foot, and the flexible direct-inject outsole features an accordion heel that absorbs shock and returns energy with each step.	Women's Sunbeat Sandal  Triple Adjustable Straps  Superior Fit  Superior Support and Cushioning  Simply, There Is No Cooler or More Comfortable Way to Spend the Day

Shoelaces featuring your favorite Star Wars character, Darth Vader. Shoelace length is 42" long.

Satisfy your inner cowboy in this great western boot from Ariat. The high-quality leather upper is easy to pull on and features an intricately stitched pattern. The rounded toe creates a laid-back silhouette, while the rubber outsole delivers durability.	These are the men's Heritage Western R Toe with full-grain leather foot and shaft and also have a six-row stitch pattern. They have a leather lining and a Duratred outsole.

Because 100% WATERPROOF comfort counts! Introducing Dunham Rutland Adventure Waterproof Oxfords! Forget the wet. Now you can enjoy miles of traction in bone-dry feet. And our discount price is as dry as a Jack Benny joke. You take big bucks off, due to a tiny style change! Stylish waterproof nubuck leather uppers; Latex-sealed seams ensure dry feet; Cushioning EVA midsole Sure-grip multi-directional rubber outsole; Abzorb cushioning in the toe / heel; Removable dual-density nylon-lined insole; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Padded tongue / collar; Half-gussetted tongue locks out water / debris; Each approx. 5" h., 15 ozs. State Width

A high mileage trainer for the moderate to severe overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper for lightweight comfort and support. C-Cap compression-molded EVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot, graphite Rollbar for rearfoot stability, TPU medial post, solid rubber outsole. Wt. 9.7 oz.

It just makes good sense to protect your investment and prolong the life of your shoes. Cedar trees protect the leather, fabric, stitching, and soles of your shoes by absorbing moisture, acid and salts. Cedar trees smooth out linings and insoles making shoes more comfortable to wear. Cedar trees smooth out creases and wrinkles that prematurely age leather.

Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Slim Slip Lifestyle Shoes

Likely the sweetest pair of rainboots you'll ever see, English Roses by Kidorable features illustrated designs inspired by Madonna's bestselling children's book. They're crafted from natural rubber and are finished off by a scalloped edge at the top and tough traction on the bottom. Now just try to keep her from splashing about in rain puddles!	More than just a pair of boots, these playful puddle magnets make a wonderful gift. Made of natural rubber, they are guaranteed to be the cutest boots in your neighborhood.

Soft League leather upper with lateral "kontrol-touch" accents. Bidensity polyurethane outsole built on wide last, stitched for durability. Made for use on all types of natural fields.

Clarks Gallery Etch boot is fresh, fashionable and fabulous. This equestrian-esque design boasts a suede and leather upper, precision stitching and a bold buckled harness to give it that edgy, easy rider look. A full side zipper makes getting in and out of this boot a cinch, while its stacked heel lets you strut your stuff in comfort.	Equestrian styling, premium leathers and Clarks Artisan style make this women's platform boot a great choice for fall. The Clarks Artisan Gallery Etch is made from velvety nubuck with smooth leather cuff and harness strap, plus a flattering leawood stacked heel, it cushions the foot on a removable Active Air footbed. The supportive footbed onsists of a network of air channels and chambers in the foot bed which allows air to circulate with every step, absorbs shock impact as the heel strikes the ground, and helps deliver the correct level of cushioning in the right places. Flaunt your cool weather fashion sense in the Clarks Artisan Gallery Etch!

Available in sizes XXS 4-5, XS 6-7, S 8-9, M 10-11, L 12-13, XL 1, XXL 2, 3XL 3.  Kids will love to scoot around in these fun and comfortable sandals from Crocs.  Soft, pliable and tough closed cell foam construction in a slide sandal style, with rolled edges and vent holes for added comfort.  Smaller sizes come with a heel sling strap for a secured fit.  Smooth interior, cushioned comfort footbed, shock absorbing midsole, traction outsole.  Machine washable.

Keep your ultra femme silhouette in the sultry Foxy pump from Pleaser. Its lustrous upper is accentuated   by its stunningly curvaceous silhouette, and its tall heel and elongated pointy toe will keep a dominating   personality so that all eyes are on you when you enter the room.	Heel Height

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive REACTION to this exceptional collection.

The trail shoe that gets it done. The Puma women's Darby Trail Racer is a women's cross training and trail shoe with a ripstop and synthetic leather upper for lasting durability. CMEVA midsole features heel idCELL for cushioning and shock absorption. Lugged EverTrack rubber outsole provides enhanced traction and grip.

5" Heel Slip On Sandle

Street-ready and fit for work, the Nautilus 408 holds a new standard in toughness with a modern edge. This 6-inch composite toe boot has ergolite construction, thinner than traditional safety toes with a ballistic mesh for added strength. An instep zipper with a comfort tab, moisture-wicking and breathable lining is an attractive feature to this highly durable boot.	Boot Height

Fashionable kids wearing fashionable shoes.

This clean, slip-on dress loafer from Zengara is ready to wear and designed to impress. Its suede upper with a brass buckle features a square toe box for a more natural toe spread inside the shoe, and the rubber outsole absorbs shock for long wearing comfort.	Zengara offers classic styling designed to function with your modern lifestyle. Styles are made to carry you from the office to the club and back again because they know you dont just present one image to the world, youve got many facets to your persona. It's the same with Zengara -- you can dress them up or dress them down. Just dont keep them in your closet.

You may have thought it was a thing of the past--a classic American boot made in America. Not so. Double H is a company that specializes in durable and stylish boots that have traditional American styling. The Double-H Metro 10-inch Harness Work Boots 4008 have an iconic, motorcycle-boot look. Somehow, a man who wears these boots manages to convey that he's traditional and dependable, yet edgy and bad-ass all at the same time.Dark, smooth leather forms the basis for the boots, the uppers of which are a solid, unblemished field of durability. Leather is naturally supple, breathable, durable and water resistant. It's also abrasion-resistant and hard to cut, so it protects your feet. Inside, you'll find a Vitalize insole that's an insole board made of two parts

Gals on the go... go Keds! SAVE BIG! If you've got an agenda, a family and a life of your own, you'd better take a close look at these Keds Tour Suede Casuals! They're comfortable and ultra-light, to help you keep up the energy level of a rock star! Here's the Keds, Kiddo

These Rothco Hiking Boots keep feet warm and dry during cold, snowy or wet conditions.

The adidas Women's Superstar 2G Mule is a contemporary lifestyle clog for everyday off court use. PU coated leather upper provides durability and easy care. EVA insole adds comfort. TORSION System gives midfoot integrity. Non-marking rubber outsole.

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.

The soft leather upper on the Marcell Bicycle Toe oxford has a grainy, rough appearance for a more casual, natural appeal. The classic lace-up will work great with your favorite slacks for a day at the office. You can also pair them with jeans for dressed-up downtime while the signature gel insole cushioning will keep you in comfort all day long.	Classic oxford with a fashionable bicycle toe.Smooth leather upper for long lasting wear. Padded collar for added comfort. Fully cushioned footbed for support. Perforated footbed for increased breathability. Rubber Bottom. ComfortGel Construction for shock absorption.

Ensure a professional look with this wingtip oxford from Florsheim. The Kenmoor features a polished calfskin leather upper with detailed broguing and a lace-up vamp for a secure fit. Beneath, a leather sole delivers a smooth and confident stride wherever the day takes you.	Classic wingtip style, legendary Florsheim comfort. It doesn't get more classic than wingtips. But forget what you remember about them being stiff and uncomfortable, because Florsheim has been refining and crafting their fit and comfort since 1892. Put simply, shoes don't come any better. Here's the details

The Rockport Kerwin mary jane wedge was made just for you--the girl on the go. This smooth leather wedge offers you complete versatility; the heel and pointed toe dresses up this otherwise casual style, so it will also suit your business needs, and with Rockport's innovative comfort technology you'll be able to wear it from morning to night without thinking twice about being uncomfortable.	Rockport adds a delicate twist to comfort in these dainty Kerwin wedges.  Sumptuously soft and smooth leather upper in a Mary Jane casual wedge style with a round toe.  A smooth leather inlay adds fresh, modern detail at the scoop vamp collar.  A stitched leather strap secures fit at the instep with a hook and loop side closure.  Leather lining and cushioning Dynamic Suspension System (R) insole, flexible midsole.  2 inch wedge heel.

Designed for the runner seeking support and structured cushioning for high-mileage training. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical SpEva(TM) midsole, Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) in rearfoot allows the foot to perform in a more natural manner, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, and DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves for rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 9.5 oz.

Synthetic leather upper with molded removable Nitracel Engage sockliner. E.T.S. Cushioning Cartridge in rearfoot. Solid rubber outsole with deep forefoot flex grooves. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	The Naturalizer Casey shoes feature a leather upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

US Air Force Style Aviators. Mil Spec Printed On Case. Includes Case.  Galaxy Army Navy Item#10200G. (Sunglasses & Binoculars. Military Aviator Sunglasses.)

Enjoy the classic good looks of Clarks' Wallabee shoe. It features a soft leather upper for casual style, and you'll find superior comfort in its thickly padded heel and springy crepe outsole.	A Clarks Originals classic since 1965, the Men's Clarks Wallabee Core Casual Shoes are the worlds first comfort shoe that look great dressed up or dressed down and are sure to stay a part of your wardrobe for years to come. Lance Clark sketched out a hand-stitched moccasin built on a nature-formed footbed so the toes could spread naturally and feel good all day long. The ultra soft leather interior lining adds a luxurious feel and a natural plantation crepe outsole provides cushioning with every step. These shoes speak for themselves and represent a relaxed style and an easy-going guy.

SALUTE

Capezio's Jr. Footlight shoe is perfect for any performance, whether it's character, theatrical, or you can even attach taps on its stitched leather sole. The shoe features a traditional buckle closure for custom fitting, and a shapely, mid-cut heel that's just the right height.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

The classic Chuck Taylor(r) All Star Core(r) casual basketball shoes for men feature a low-top canvas upper with metal eyelets and a rubber outsole.

Save gas, avoid traffic, get some healthy exercise, and walk instead! This high-tech walking shoe by Aetrex is equipped with all the features you need for safe and comfortable travels, whether youre talking miles to work or to the corner store. Constructed with a durable leather upper, the Athletic Walker from Aetrex features a high-density stability enhancer, specially designed to provide more support and distribute pressure evenly across the sole. The lightweight, removable orthotics and customizable insoles provide shock absorption and protection against foot, heel, knee and back pain, especially important when youre walking on hard ground.	Crafted for absolute comfort, the Aetrex Lenex Tie men's walking shoe features Mozaic insole technology, which relieves pressure on the foot to ensure a lightweight fit and feel. A Carboplast footbed provides supportive cushioning and motion control, while the slip-resistant rubber outsole offers dependable traction on a variety of surfaces.

jumpp red fabric 60

jumpp red fabric 65

Fresh and pretty, the Heart Throbs from KATHY Van Zeeland is a great everyday bag. Roomy enough to keep hold of all your essentials, this sleek, contemporary satchel has double exterior pockets, silver-tone hardware for polish, and a cute and flirty heart charm on the front. Double straps make for comfortable carrying, while the platform bottom lets you set the bag down without worrying about everything tumbling out.	A stylish, spacious handbag, this satchel will fit your magazines, wallet, makeup and more.

Crocs Ithaca Women Womens Footwear

This sumptuous heeled boot is an investment in classic style and cool looks. The Tara Heeled Boot offers a feminine stacked heel and buttery leather uppers that you'll love zipping into. A fashionably narrowed toe and a belt of gold-tone metal stud embellishments on the vamp give this tall boot a soft edge. Unique black accents on the uppers subtly complement the understated beauty of this cool boot. We love pairing the Tara Heeled Boot with bold-print skirts.	Women's lifestyles and attitudes have changed, but their choice of footwear remained stifled until farylrobin flew in. Farylrobin is footwear for independent, sophisticated, and feminine women - women who lead diverse and hectic lifestyles. With farylrobin, work and leisure blend seamlessly with looks that are unique but not over the top. Whether you are a 20-something creating your adult identity or a 40-something expressing your individuality and sophistication, the farylrobin line has the shoes that help you take that next step.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Brand and Style - CLARKSAsbury    Size - 13    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - Brn/Wn/Nat    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways - pinpointing the must have looks of the season translating what is fun, hip and of the moment. It is trend right handbags that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.	Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways - pinpointing the must have looks of the season translating what is fun, hip and of the moment. It is trend right handbags that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

berlin black leather 90

The classic Cap-toe Oxford, legendary comfort and quality. All oxfords are not created equal. Florsheim Edgar Cap Toes are built with every minute of Florsheim's 115-year heritage of superior craftsmanship and quality. Here's the details

Etienne Aigner has over 40 years experience in crafting footwear. Classic looks with modern touches of fashion blend together for elegant yet easy-to-wear shoes. Dressed-up or casual, Etienne Aigner is dedicated to providing some of the finest footwear for women who love shoes.

6 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Clear Bottom and Ankle Strap.

Often imitated, never duplicated.Rugged enough to stand up to punishment without batting an eye and comfortable enough to wear all day.  The Billfish Collection offers lightweight design, and advanced outsole, and a host of features not found a

Your little ball of energy will appreciate support from Teva's Hurricane sandal. Designed with a traction sole and a molded EVA midsole, it's built for action, just like your kid. An anti-microbial agent in the footbed keeps odors at bay.	The Hurricane 2 Sandal brings tried-and-true Teva performance to keep your kid cool and comfortable both in the water and around town. Teva\222s patented four-point strapping system provides a secure fit, and the Durabrasion rubber offers exceptional durability over rough terrain and reliable grip on wet surfaces. A zinc-based anti-microbial treatment on the footbed guards against odors after a summer of hard use.Product FeaturesUpper Material

Protect your feet from the elements, in complete comfort, with the Jensen boot from   Grasshoppers. A fully zippered entry, in conjunction with an elastic gore, gives a snug but   cozy fit, and its quilted, thickly padded insole will soothe ache-prone feet.	Grasshoppers offers lightweight, flexible footwear from a premium line of casual comfort products in stylish and sophisticated silhouettes, to Lifestyle Classics with a preppy sport influence to go where you go. Grasshoppers celebrate a women's confidence, individuality and authentic lifestyle.

For top-notch work day comfort in a 6" Boot, look to Danner Workman 6" GTX. It's the low profile version of Danner's new Workman Work Boot. With a special Vibram outsole that's a study in all-day comfort. It's as rugged and grippy as they come. Plus, they stay nice and flexible in low temperature environments. Details

These Silver Glitter Heel Sandals are a great addition to any costume!

Fun island prints spice up this collection -- get read for sun, sand and surf. Features a canvas print upper with the classic color matched rubber outsole.

Their natural fleece linings are left intact during tanning and sewing to give you unsurpassed warmth and durability. Sturdy non-slip rubber soles are made to last.

The look is business, but the feel is pure comfort in these dressy oxfords from Ecco.  Smooth leather upper in a dress oxford style, with a rounded toe, dual stitched seam bicycle style front detail, and side stitching accents.  Four eyelet lace up front, cushioned collar and tongue.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned vegetable tanned leather topped comfort insole.  Variable width fit system.  Ecco Light flexible midsole with Shock Point heel cushion, and a traction patterned outsole.

Set sail in style with Sebago's Schooner. The rich leather shoe features detailed stitching and a traditional slotted collar with eyelets, and its tractioned rubber sole gives you all the stability that you need when the ride gets wavy.	The Men's Schooner Boat Shoes from Sebago is classic boat shoe styling thats always in fashion. Advanced rubber slip-resistant soles with an EVA heel cup. Genuine moccasin construction wraps the foot in a single piece of leather, creating a fit thats uniquely your own..

Enjoy classic styling in the Eastland Sequoia. Set in a rich quality leather upper, this women's shoe features butt seam stitching. Twin gore helps you easily slip into this slip-on Eastland shoe. Handsewn Opanka construction connects the upper and outsole for flexibility and comfort. Every step will be a dream on the comfort unit sole with cushioned innersole for shock absorption. Classic style and comfort - what more could you ask fo rthan the Eastland Sequoia.

205100SLG08 Features

All-new LaCrosse Alpha Camp Moc... a downpour of WATERPROOF comfort for Men. Introducing a quick slip-on ankle shoe! Wear 'em when it's wet to ensure bone dry feet. Perfect for trips to the mailbox, gardening or a quick visit to the neighbors. They fit and feel like a sneaker. So comfortable, you'll wear them all day long. Ideal too, for fishing, hunting and general trekking. Muddy? No problem. Slip ' off at the doorstep. Clean-up is as easy as a quick squirt with the garden hose. Goodies

A supportive trainer offering a combination of cushioning and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB full footbed forefoot adds maximum shock absorption, Stability Web offers midfoot support and torsional stability, TS2 supplies optimal support while enhancing transition from heel strike to forefoot. Blown rubber outsole for lightweight cushioned ride. Weight 9.9 oz.

Lightweight synthetic leather upper with ClimaCool(TM) technology for 360 of ventilation. Molded EVA sockliner with adiPRENE + in the forefoot. Injected Pebax outsole with C4S metal cleat technology. Wt. 15.4 oz.

Take a break from your workday wear with these light and airy leather thongs from Naughty Monkey. Slender contrast color thong straps meet with perforated panels at the instep, in a versatile design that could go casual or dressy, depending on what you pair it with. The leather footbed is cool and comfortable against bare skin, and the hint of a kitten wedge heel dresses up the look.	Naughty Monkey is a fresh fun shoe collection that originated in California and has everyone clamoring for the monkey from coast to coast. The naughty monkey, whose identity shall remain nameless, heard constant gripes and complaints about how mundane and boring footwear had become. In his monkey mind came the devastating first designs of a brand that would leave a lasting impression on fashion and how fun it could be. The evolution of naughty monkey to this day continues on the same maddening quest to bring the opposite of boring to fashion and can only be appreciated by those who have a little of the naughty monkey inside of them.

hether black leather 90

Jack Rogers Navajo Sandal is a handsewn leather thong sandal in bronze with gold trim detailing. Leather lining and leather soles.

Get the protection of a steel toe with a fashionable fitness look. With full-grain, water-resistant leather and nylon uppers, this ergonomically-designed steel toe lace-up comes with a removable sockliner and EVA midsole for maximum comfort. Along with highly durable, non-slip soles, this lightweight athletic shoe is perfect fit for the gym or a day-hike.	This Nautilus N1326 Men's Steel Toe Hook and Loop Athletic Shoe looks just like any other athletic shoe-but it has a steel safety toe-as well as other top-rated safety features. Nautilus wants to change the way you think about safety work shoes. And this Nautilus shoe comes with an amazing 30-day comfort guarantee. The Nautilus N1326 Men's Steel Toe Hook and Loop Athletic Shoe is made with a nylon and leather upper and has a mesh lining. This attractive dark blue, black, and white shoe has an anti-fatigue polyurethane removable footbed, an EVA midsole, and nylon shank for stability for your foot-necessary for shooting baskets on your lunch hour. The oil-and slip-resistant non-marking rubber sole is cemented to the shoe, and meets ANSI SD Type I requirements for Static Dissipative Footwear. The steel toe rates M I/75 C/75 in accordance with ASTM F2412-05 & F2413-05 (formerly ANSI). Nautilus N1326 Men's Steel Safety Toe Shoe is very popular with people because of its comfortable athletic shoe styling and it's top rated safety features. Many people say that their most comfortable shoe is their athletic shoe. So why not have that same comfort on the job-and still enjoy the safety features you need on the job? Try these and let us know what you think. Sizes Manufactured

*perforated Upper	*S8 microfiber slide on both feet	*soft footbed

Bring comfort and versatility to your casual wardrobe in these Geox Reason loafers!  These classic loafers feature premium black suede uppers with decorative pick-stitching around the moc square toe.  Supple leather lining conforms to your feet and cushioned insoles consist of the patented Geox breathes system.  By combining a perforated rubber sole and a breathable waterproof membrane, the Geox system lets foot perspiration go out through the sole thus keeping your feet dry and healthy! Ultralight, yet durable, rubber outsoles provide flexibility.  Also available in coffee leather, while supplies last!  Style #U6365C.  Black.

The Under Armour Metal Speed II MC football shoe is designed for the fastest players on the field. Synthetic upper with performance mesh quarter panel provides lightweight performance and breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport system wick moisture keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. HeatGear bindings wrap the foot for optimal fit, comfort and midfoot support. Direct-injected molded external heel counter offers outstanding fit and heel hold. Molded Bi-Fit insole board disperses cleat pressure and adds lightweight midfoot support and rigidity and optimal forefoot flexibility. Full-length layer of EVA delivers long-lasting cushioning and comfort. Performance cushioning insole with Poron ProZorb inserts in key pressure zones. With Dual Plate Technology the shoe is lighter, more flexible and gives better overall comfort and performance. Molded TPU cleats in perimeter pattern with two additional center cleats provide maximum traction and minimizes cleat pressure. Progressive Traction cleat shape brings outstanding ground penetration and push-off while maintaining rotational capability. Wt. 13.0 oz.

This golf shoe has been updated with athletic details. Adidas' patented technology makes this shoe lightweight and comfortable to make 18 holes more enjoyable.  Features

#101257  UPPER

Always an imaginative sketcher, Claudia has long been fascinated by the world of style. Her family had produced shoes for decades, so it was inevitable that she would find herself involved in the creation of footwear. It was not a surprise when at nineteen Claudia enrolled into the Fashion Institute of Design in Florence and started working in her father's factory. There, she learned the meaning of high quality craftsmanship and the importance of using the finest materials and finally she decided to make her name a brand.

Polo Ralph Lauren children's footwear has all the fashion, fit and redefined classic American styles that you have come to expect from this brand. Polo Ralph Lauren footwear is designed with exquisite materials and meticulous detail. Styles range from classic, vintage and preppy slip-ons and boat shoes to athletic-inspired sneakers and casual wear. Whether it is a day at the park or a night on the boat, your child will embrace his or her style with Polo kids' shoes.	POLO FOOTWEAR SANDER SHOE

101440GRY455 Features

Adorable Prada evening bag. A must have in your closet. Fits all kinds of occasions. Signature PRADA vela nylon Comfortable 12.5" cushioned textile strap allows carrying over shoulder. Zipper closure over the top. Silver & peach hardwares. Authenticity card included. MADE IN ITALY.

The New Balance 901 is a lightweight running shoe developed with added support for the performance runner looking for a fast-paced trainer. AZORB SBS in forefoot and ABZORB in heel adds exceptional shock absorption. Acteva Lite premium lightweight midsole foam with DuPont Engage and Elvaloy brings optimal compression set. TS2 transitional support system gives pronation control and smooth transitioning through the gait cycle. N-Lock offers enhanced midfoot support. N-Durance rubber compound outsole delivers maximum durability in high-wear areas. Wt. 10.8 oz.

Have fun under the sun in this sandal from Quicksilver. The Kelly Slater features a quick-drying neoprene lined upper with a soft nylon toe post for prevention of toe irritation and a specially designed sole that enhances grip with the presence of water. Kelly Slater 9 time world champion signature sandal.	When his feet aren't on a surfboard winning world titles and blowing minds, they're nestled in the subtle concoction of soft suede leather and all-natural hemp. Kelly Slater's signature sandals come complete with his favorite surf spots in the lining. Imported.

1 inch Heel Pig Leather Knee High Boots Men's Size Shoes.

Each pair of Ladybug shoes are HAND-PAINTED with non-toxic paint. Featuring loopy laces that allow the shoes to fit snuggly- and baby can't untie them! ... ... Bonjour! Hello! Our names are Little Ladies. We are ladybugs with lovely bright red wings with black spots! We love spending our days exploring flowers and grass. But what would be even lovelier would be being friends with you. Shoes are canvas upper with a rubber sole. Each shoe is individually hand-painted with non-toxic acrylic craft paint, treated with a textile medium to ensure a long-life and washability. Cute elastic no-tie laces included. Sizing

crocs has refreshed the Cayman clog and dubbed it the Classic and it totally lives up to the name. Instantly identifiable croslite construction with breathable vents and a massaging footbed to keep them comfy, this is called the Classic for a reason.	crocs has refreshed the Cayman clog and dubbed it the Classic and it totally lives up to the name. Instantly identifiable croslite construction with breathable vents and a massaging footbed to keep them comfy, this is called the Classic for a reason.

Zengara offers classic styling designed to function with your modern lifestyle. Styles are made to carry you from the office to the club and back again because they know you dont just present one image to the world, youve got many facets to your persona. It's the same with Zengara -- you can dress them up or dress them down. Just dont keep them in your closet.

Full-grain tumbled leather upper with breathable 3-stripe perforations. Lightweight molded EVA midsole. Excellent traction. 11.2 oz.

5 Inch Lace-Up Ankle Boot With Triple Buckle

The Carson oxford from FRYE is a timeless addition to any woman's shoe collection. The durable leather construction and classic lace-up style make this shoe a great choice for many lifestyles.	A traditional oxford gets some modern flair with a cool new updated toe and heel height.

Whether you're snowshoeing through the fairytale glades of Old Forge or you're making the morning commute on a blustery January morning in northeastern New York, the UGG Women's Adirondack ll Boots keep feet warm and dry all day. Made to take on snow, slush, ice and anything else Mother Nature can serve up, these protective boots have the performance and durability to get you through this most tempestuous of seasons.Waterproof and breathable, these beautiful tall boots feature full grain leather to keep exterior moisture from entering while the eVent membrane wicks interior vapor away from your skin, for dry, fresh feet the entire length of your journey. The removable insole is replaceable (and washable) while the genuine sheepskin lining is pure bliss on blustery winter days. The upper cuff can be worn up or down depending on your mood (and the weather) and the secure lacing system gives you a customizable, perfect fit every time. The reliable outsole flexes at strategic points for all day walking comfort and features a repeating lug pattern specially designed for superior traction in snow and winter conditions. From deep snow drifts to treacherous frozen city streets, the UGG Adirondack ll Boot for women can handle any terrain you take on.

1-1/8 OZ Can Black Shoe Paste, Regular Size.

Unlisted presents chic and sexy styling to the world of foot fashion with the Pure Match dress sandal. Featuring a delicately pleated, wide satin strap across the vamp, rounded open toe, tapered dress heel and adjustable buckle on the faux-leather ankle strap, the Pure Match sandal will take you through the evening in style and comfort. Pair it up with your favorite party dress for a chic and sexy look.	Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted A Kenneth Cole Production makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.

gosip black paris 80

Maxine of Canada is a Canadian company that has been family owned and managed for 38 years. They design and manufacture high-quality casual footwear using the finest quality waterproof Scotch Guard treated leathers and suedes, many with genuine shearling trims and linings. Maxine of Canada makes footwear in a wide range of widths and large sizes to accommodate even the customers who are hard to fit.

gosip black paris 85

SOFT, SUPPLE SUEDE WITH FULLY PADDED INSOLE.

4.5" Heel Wedge Mule.

Leather/mesh upper with speed-lacing system provides comfort, support and breathability. Sculpted EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. DMX Foam adds cushioning. High-abrasion rubber outsole with herringbone pattern delivers traction and durability. Wt. 15.4 oz.

The Asolo Attiva hiking boots for women are Gore Tex lined hiking boots for rugged conditions and long days on the trail These boots are built for multi day hikes and excursions and are designed to protect you from moisture abrasion and other hazards of the trail The water resistant suede upper is comfortable and durable The rubber EVA Matrix outsole provides traction protection and cushioning Water resistant suede and high tenacity nylon upper Gore Tex lining Matrix sole with Active Heel Support Toe bumper 1 12 lb per shoe

The Diadora Kynetech is for the competitive player looking for a relatively lightweight shoe that puts a premium on comfort and durability.Color

Achieve contemporary, tailored sophistication with the Muneco Smooth Pump from Donald J Pliner. Sleek calf leather uppers add sheen to this pump's narrow toe and elegant heel. Also featuring a leather sole with a rubber island and hidden silk elastic goring inside the leather lining, the chic Muneco shines at work and adds class to any dinner date.	When the feet are uncomfortable, so is the mind and body. With these words, Donald J Pliner has committed his life to the quality and perfection of an innovative line of shoes. A life-long and family tradition is continued with his luxuriously comfortable footwear that never compromises creativity or fashion. Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury footwear and accessories in 1989, and immediately established a reputation for innovative design and high style for both men and women. Pioneering new materials, such as stretchable micro-fibers, he also brought unprecedented comfort, flexibility, and lightness to footwear. Born into a Chicago-based family shoe business, life at DJP is also a family affair. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife and frequent model for the innovative ad campaigns, works side-by-side with him to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. And the Pliner's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll, is ever present, inspiring her own clothing line for the past three years. Today this global brand, manufactured in both Italy and Spain, has established an almost cult following among people who were originally attracted by the fashion-forward style, but return again and again for the comfort and craftsmanship.

Enjoy all-star footwear from one of the most recognized and trend setting designers in the world today. With an incredible range of styles, the Anne Klein footwear line is sure to provide the perfect complement for any occasion. From casual to dress, with Anne Klein there's no compromising style, comfort, or function. It's simply a perfect fit.	K686536 Anne Klein Cabos  A hip dress mule with a 2" heel and kitten sole    Other Sizes and Widths may be available in our Ebay Store. Click Here to Vist Our Store  < font color=blue> FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OF TWO OR MORE PAIR!

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	Attack the day in style with the Stacy Adams Ambush duck boot. This rugged men's lace-up has a suede and synthetic upper with stitching details for a sporty look. The durable, rubber sole delivers grip and traction to the Stacy Adams Ambush ankle boot.

leather 		Manmade sole 		Heel measures approximately 1" 		Vegetable-tanned leather upper conforms to foot and provides instant comfort 		Fully wrapped EVA footbed cushions foot and reduces foot stress 		Suede-covered footbed wicks moisture and keeps feet cool and dry 		Single density PU outsole is lightweight and reduces foot and body stress

Step out with sophisticated, fun and comfortable everyday style in Easy Street Women's Trifecta Sandals! A strappy and sassy sandal with an up-town feel! Indulge yourself in this sling sandal that offers easy adjustability. A posted sling prevents the backstrap from sliding down and features an adjustable buckle with a hint of elastic for a great fit. O-ring accent with metal and enamel detailing embellishes the patent polyurethane upper. Flexible thermoplastic rubber outsole.

"These Sunglasses are 100% brand new and Authentic, direct from the manufacturer. They come complete with certificate of authenticity, protective case and dust cloth. Every product is exactly as pictured. "

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	The Naturalizer Jameson women's strap buckle pumps with leather upper in a dress pump style with a round toe, twin adjustable instep straps with buckle detail, smooth lining, cushioning insole features N5 comfort system, non slip outsole.

fiestey red leather 110

The Mizuno Wave Tornado is designed specifically for the high-performance player seeking outstanding support and cushioning in a lightweight package. Composite ZigZag Wave technology provides versatile cushioning and stability. The Wave extends on the lateral side providing volleyball-specific lateral support. Mizuno Intercool provides midfoot ventilation to reduce heat and humidity. VS-T technology delivers point-of-impact forefoot cushioning and shock absorption. Gum rubber is applied in key outsole areas for superior traction and durability. Highly breathable air mesh upper provides keeps feet cool and dry. Wt. 9.1 oz.

A classic full grain leather heavy weight hiking boot with a ladies fit and none of the flowers. Don't let the class of boot fool you. The nylon shank in this 'heavy weight' has all the rigidity you'll need for anything but the heaviest loads, and none of the strength sapping weight of a steel shank.

Specializing in fashionable women's footwear, Report collections pair innovative design with versatility and style. Report shoes are perfect for girls of any age -- for dressing up or keeping it casual. Cutting edge Report styles have also been featured in Teen Vogue, Cosmo Girl, Seventeen, Nylon, and Glamour.

Drawcord waistband capri. Contrast stitch. Textured side panels.  Side seam and back welt pocket. Embroidered logo on the hem, 23" inseam, 100% peached twill, 100% poly dobby inserts.

Features 2 zippered main compartments, 2 zippered exterior compartments and a detachable/adjustable shoulder strap. Measures 7" x 6-1/2" x 7/8".

Just like the Tendu I, the Tendu II pointe shoe has a quick break-in time as it molds to your foot quickly, but this version has a broader toe box. Perfect for the seasoned pro.	Broad, feathered toe box. Medium vamp. "U" shape throat. Hand-flattened crown. New pleating with quiet toe construction. Wide platform. Soft cotton lining. Three-quarter box. Satin binding with elastic drawstring. Short leather outer sole. Skived No. 2 leather board shank. BEST FIT

Because comfort matters. NEW Dr. Martens 1460 8 Eye Boots put bounce in your step. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Feet whining like they've been crushing grapes all day long? It's about time you tossed your old, beat-up boots. Upgrade to pure comfort! Such as these beauties by renowned Dr. Martens for miles of wear. Seems an excess inventory spells big bucks off! Good stuff

****This product will not be available to ship until the middle of September.**** The adidas T-MAC 1 Team basketball shoe has a full-grain leather and synthetic materials upper. adiPRENE in forefoot. Torsion System provides midfoot arch protection. Non-marking rubber outsole with multi-directional pattern adds maximum traction. Wt. 18.6 oz.

Caparros offers a wide selection of contemporary feminine dress shoes. Delicate hand beading, special materials, and the rich colors of the shoes have made Caparros the choice for unique and fabulous feminine footwear.

When you're about to embark on a tough climb, you need to feel confident that you can depend on your footwear for comfort and performance. Designed for extreme sport climbing, FiveTen's Anasazi VCS offers additional sensitivity for pulling on holds. Its lined synthetic upper, padded split tongue, and dual Velcro brand closures offer a cushy, precision fit, while its Stealth Onyxx high-friction, durable rubber sole decreases the amount of "dead space" between you and your surface. Now we can only hope the terrain is as kind.	The Anasazi Indians were ancient cliff dwelling people who lived in the American Southwest. If anyone knew a thing or two about climbing steep faces, it was these guys. A morning hike to the john involved ladders so high off the ground that it would the average guy night terrors for weeks. Channel these ancient people with the Five Ten Anasazi VCS Climbing Shoe.  Its one of the most popular shoes out there, and with good reason. Its made with an ultra-sensitive Stealth Onyxx outsole that can help you feel the rock like you never have before. Its highly sticky so you can use anything you can reach and it has top-notch precision edging with an incredibly durable outsole. The shoe also features a Dual Velcro closure for the perfect fit every time and Cowdura uppers with very little stretch so your shoes stay in excellent form. Its designed for a climbing 5.10 to 5.16 routes. Cowdura Upper with little stretch Dual Velcro hook and loop closures Asym Toe Magic Fingers heel with side exit heel seam Padded tongue with dual pull tabs for easy on

KIWI Scuff Cover renews the color of your leather shoes.

Louis Vuitton's Triangle handbag is first created to carry knitting needles and yarn. It creates a classic bag with a sweet, youthful swing.

Yellow Box shoes are the hottest new fashion trend, and have been the leader of creative, cutting-edge fashion for young, contemporary customers who are always on the go. Today, Yellow Box provides the newest, fastest, trendy fashion collections available at an affordable prices.

What an amazing time to be a Girl!!! There has been a significant shift in the way that girls think, act and shop. Girls no longer strive to fit in, but rather, they demand to stand out! BC Footwear embraces this change! BC Footwear was created to give girls, with incredible personal style, something special. Since most girls can't make their own shoes, BC Footwear set out with a lofty goal- to give girls what they want if they only knew they could have it.

Versatile. Offers durability, cushioning, and flexibility for beginning tracksters. Lightweight skin suede reinforcements. Full-length EVA midsole, board-lasted. Multi-directional nylon plate on solid rubber outsole. Weight 7.5 oz.

Full-grain leather upper offers comfort and support, DMX Flow-pak adds cushioning and load distribution, midsole TPU shank gives stability and comfort, 3D Ultralite bottom provides lightweight, natural footstrike, herringbone outsole for traction and stability.

The waterproof, insulated Sport Utility Pro boot from Rocky is a sportsman's best friend. With an upper constructed from full-grain leather and Cordura nylon, this shoe protects you from the elements and keeps you warm and dry. A molded EVA midsole and 1000 grams of Thinsulate Ultra insulation keep you extra comfortable. The molded heel guard and rugged rubber outsole ensure safe stepping on all kinds of terrain.	Full-Grain Leather and durable nylon, Guaranteed Rocky(r) waterproof, 1000g Thinsulate(r) Ultra insulation, Molded heel guard, Sport Utility Rubber Outsole for traction and stability

Whether you love the water or just thepreppy good looks of a topsider, you'll appreciate this version of the Sperry Top-Sider A/O 2-Eye Women. This women's boat shoe is equipped with all the great features,including moc-toe stitching, signature grommets, and leather lacingaround the collar. Its perforated, cushioned footbed will provide hoursof comfort, while the flexible rubber outsole offers excellent tractionon wet or dry surfaces. This Sperry Top-Sider boat shoe features a 360-degree lacing system with rustproof eyelets that ensure a secure fit. Cast off in the Sperry Top-Sider A/O 2-Eye Women!

Water resistant upper with padded collar. Lug rubber outsole. Made in the USA.

For hard-core hard court players, the legendary Barricades get revamped to deliver all the durability, support and grip you need to keep your opponent on a constant, spirit-crushing defensive.	White/Silver.  Style 040612.  The next generation of a modern legend.  Hard-core hard-court players need the optimal blend of durability, cushion, support and grip that the new Barricade provides.

Since 1987, Aerosoles has developed high quality, comfortable and fashion-right shoes at affordable prices. Aerosoles offers a vast assortment of women's shoes to suit every occasion, from office wear to weekend gear and everything in between.	Wear this Aerosoles 4 Give favorite slip-on and see how good being on your feet all day can feel! With cutouts and elastic panels all around, you get the best of both a cool open toe and a huggable fit. Super-comfortable Aerosoles 4 Give has a 1" heel and flexible rubber sole with diamond pattern. Find comfort and style in this Aerosoles 4 Give.

Once credited with helping you "run faster and jump higher," the Sandlot from PF Flyers is a reissue of a classic shoe destined to remain in style for generations. Featuring a high-performance insole with the PF wedge (specially designed to aid all that fast running and high jumping), durable tweed and leather upper, canvas lining and a sturdy rubber sole, this ultra-cool sneaker is great for casual days and weekends, on or off the court.	No Description

The Ecco Pacific provides a perfect walking experience, no matter what weather or conditions you come up against. Synthetic leather and textile upper is strong, durable and easy to clean. Heel pull tab allows easy on and off. Ultra-light shell compression offers lightweight comfort and support during long hours of wear. Molded Phylon midsole conforms to foot while providing super shock absorption and cushiony-soft comfort. Durable rubber. Wt. 9.6 oz.

The Adidas Metrum 3.5 is a basketball inspired, casual, skate shoe that features a full-grain leather upper, black signature side striping, and a firm toe cap.  Cushioned collar and lightly padded tongue and footbed.  Compression molded, coated EVA midsole.  Abrasion-resistant rubber outsole provides dependable traction and durability.  Also available in white, while supplies last!   Style #809198.  White/Black.

Highly responsive trainer developed for runners with a neutral gait who prefer a lightweight ride. Synthetic/mesh one-piece upper provides seamless, snug fit. Dupont Engage CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers cushioning and durability, Stability Web gives midfoot support and lightweight torsional stability. blown rubber outsole adds a lightweight cushioned ride.

As a takedown of the real F1 driver's boot, the Puma Speed Cat is the ideal casual shoe for the youngest motorsport fan (not fireproof). Suede leather upper provides comfort and style. Removable sockliner offers a custom fit. GCS non-slippery rubber outsole delivers excellent traction.

Why wait, get this style now!  This peek toe platform pump is causing a fever in young hollywood!  Hot and sexy peek toe pump design on an imitation stacked platform.  Comfy, easy to wear and hard to resist!

Salvatore Capezio was born in 1871 in Muro Lucano, Italy. Uninterested in following in his father's footsteps as a construction engineer, he became an artist of his own right, a cobbler. In 1887, at the age of 17, he opened his shop on Broadway and 39th Street, diagonally across from the old Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. Soon, the shop became a meeting place for dancers who would stop by to discuss their needs and to get a pair of his shoes. As Capezio's popularity grew, dancers from around the world made it a point to visit him and purchase his shoes. The innovation of the products that Salvatore Capezio created and the camaraderie he shared with the dancers molded the direction that his company would follow. In this image, the Capezio brand was established to promote and recognize ongoing achievements and participation in dance. Capezio products remain in the forefront in quality and in technological advances with innovations like the split-sole, the stretch-insert, the Dansneaker and the Tapsneaker. Capezio believes that their success is dependent upon the individual commitment of each customer to continually set new standards of creativity and performance, while preserving a reputation for dependability and distinction. Capezio pledges their support and dedication to the advancement of dance, theater and recreation in communities worldwide.	Capezio's authentic split-sole design offers maximum flexibility that enhances the arch. This shoe also has a leather upper with canvas insert for snug fit and air circulation. Other features include rubber pad on metatarsal and rubber heel.

Uptown sophistication and downtown edge both live in Rafe handbags, creating a synergy that makes them uniquely appealing. Distinctive design, careful detailing, thoughtful function and high standards of quality infuse all Rafe products. The materials are sourced from the best tanneries and mills worldwide. The Rafe viewpoint reflects the diversity of New York City Cultures and influences mingle in its work, resulting in collections that are fresh and modern but with an eclectic sense of heritage that transcends seasons or location. It's a viewpoint that attracts like-minded, stylish and unique individuals.

Take a few steps back in time with the New Balance 579. This sporty casual shoe combines vintage styling with a sleek leather and mesh upper for comfort, breathability and classic style. C-Cap midsole offers cushioning and flexibility with every step. Rubber outsole with ABZORB in heel provides exceptional traction and shock absorption.

This over-the-knee boot from Pleaser is made of soft leather in a form-fitting shape with a pointed toe, stiletto heel, and corset-inspired lacing that'll keep his eyes glued to you. Your sex appeal will become Legendary.	Shaft Height

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	Men's responsive stability trainer for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and stability.

With a suede moccasin upper and a retro-chunk sole, these shoes are perfect for the woman who wants to capture all of the latest trends this fall. With just a 2-1/2-inch heel, Anne Klein New York's Spruce Sport Mules are comfortable enough for your busy lifestyle. Choose from black or natural for looks that will surely fit with whatever you have in your wardrobe. Pair these mules with jeans for a sassy, casual look, or add them to a skirt for a day at the office. About Anne Klein    Anne KleinFor more than thirty years, Anne Klein has been synonymous with American Style, creating clothes that are immediately recognizable for their sophistication, wearability and, most of all, their relevance to women's lives.  Anne Klein defined the way American sportswear is worn and sold today. In 1968, she launched Anne Klein & Company with the specific goal of designing and marketing sportswear as coordinated separates. With its mix and match wardrobe of constructed jackets, pants and related pieces, Anne Klein's innovative strategy made her company an industry leader overnight.  The company continued to achieve impressive growth and prestigious honors

The Clausette's Shipping Information

Slip into this cozy shearling-lined clog for great style and comfort. Weatherproof suede uppers are dressed up with apron-style stitching and a buckle strap. A durable sculpted wedge heel offers traction on slippery sidewalks.	The Aquatalia by Marvin K. collection is manufactured in Italy and is dedicated to making great looking footwear with the performance and comfort you've come to expect. This is intelligent footwear that's engineered to perform. Aquatalia represents the best combination of fashion, comfort and technology available in the market today.

SAVE BIG on these Ecco Terra Sandals. From sea to shining sea, and everywhere in between. Stroll the coastline with these vacation-bound Terra Sandals from Ecco. Outsole offers a wide-set design for supportive travel. Contrasting stitch accent gives perfect polish to the laid-back leather upper. A great look that coordinates with all casual, warm weather styles. Plus they're PRICED LOW! Features

Woolrich Cheyenne Lambswool Slipper / Socks... Well made

Smooth leather upper. Cushion footbed. Rubber sole. Goodyear construction. Leather lining.

Price chopped on rugged Harley-Davidson Valiant Boots! SAVE BIG BUCKS! In 1903, four young men experimented with internal combustion in a little wooden shed. The shed didn't burn down. And the motorcycle they built lasted for over 100,000 miles, about as long as these Harley-Davidson Valiant Boots will go. And because of a style change so slight no road king would ever notice, you save big! Live to ride

A great water proof shoe designed for those dirty jobs around the home and garden. They are resistant to gras stains, home cleansers, fertilizers and barnyard or garden muck. Slipper soft comfort, easy on/off convenience, debris free collar and quick clean up are some of the shoes welcome features. Green only, full sizes. Women 6 thru 10; Men 8 thru 1. Do not come in half sizes. If you do wear a half size for exa. 8.5 then we recommend that you select a half size up, and that would be a 9.a

At alki?i we believe in creating flip flops that fit your active lifestyle. You?ll find our styles are trendy, affordable and worn everywhere. Our unique plush foam material makes them comfortable and durable for everyday use. We also offer a wide selection of color choices to complement a variety of activities. Each pair comes in our stylish drawstring pouch. Your satisfaction is our number one priority. Try a pair and we are certain you?ll find reasons to buy more.

With its supportive and cushioned ride, this running shoe delivers on the key features that runners have come to expect. Biomorphic Fit upper offers enhanced fit and comfort with less potential for binding or pinching. SpEVA midsole provides increased shock attenuation and durability. Heel and forefoot "twist" GEL Cushioning Systems attenuate shock in all planes of movement. Space Trusstic System enhances proper plantar fascia function by allowing compression of the midsole. DuoTruss System adds support and links rearfoot and forefoot. DuoMax medial post ensures proper support during transition from midstance to toe-off. DuraSponge and DuoSole outsole increases durability while maintaining soft road feel. Wt. 8.0 oz.

If you're hunting slip-ons that are durable and great looking, then search no further than the Carolina women's slip-on shoes. Okay, so they're fuzzy. What, you don't think fuzzy can be functional? Oh, c'mon, there are plenty of examples besides these Carolina women's slip-on shoes.What about Chia Pets? Okay, granted, it's a different kind of fuzzy, but it helps to recycle your air indoors and adds a nice touch to your dcor. Then there is fuzzy logic. Without going into boring algebraic equations, just know it's what helps keep a lot of computations from not working. Inevitably, we have to take a look at Fozzie the Bear from the Muppet Show. Nothing this fuzzy has ever worked as hard to bring laughter and joy to millions worldwide except for maybe Elmo, but he's a little young to put this in the proper perspective. Heck, Fozzie even wore a tie to work.You may not be up for the pork pie hat and tie, but put your fuzziness to work with the Carolina women's slip-on shoes. They are built to the same exacting standards of more conventional Carolina work shoes, and will deliver the dependability and performance you seek, and that's as clear as fuzzy can get.

Find your center with every step in the Yoga Mat flip flop from Sanuk. That squishy comfort accompanies every step in this lightweight sandal made from the same foam as a yoga mat.	Love your yoga mat? Take it with you all day long in tthe Sanuk Yoga Mat, which is made from actual yoga mats! The ber-soft footbed and padded upper of this women's flip flop will cushion you throughout the day. This Sanuk sandal has synthetic upper and a textile printed lining. No meditation needed to figure out that the Sanuk Yoga Mat is the most comfortable sandal around!

One of the most popular tennis shoes ever, it was first developed in 1970 with the cooperation of tennis great Rod Laver. This is a shoe for the traditional stylist and old-school player alike.	The Adidas "Rod Laver" model is for those who enjoy a quality tennis shoe with old school roots. Lightweight and constructed of breathable nylon mesh, the Laver provides excellent ventilation and flexibility as well as maximum comfort. Its two-density polyurethane outsole with herringbone profile provides excellent traction and durability. Style # 668701. White/Green.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 110

Lightweight synthetic leather and nylon mesh upper, compression-molded EVA midsole, adiPRENE inserts in heel and forefoot, Torsion system, carbon rubber outsole.

For a day when you know you'll be on your feet, choose the Jocelyn oxford from Softspots. The full grain leather upper is constructed with a foam-padded lining for optimum flexibility and cushioning. A padded footbed offers arch support to keep you walking comfortably all day.

Whether you're a seasoned runner or a weekend jogger, the Axiom 2 Running Shoe meets you needs. Designed with running-specific movement in mind, this sneaker features the superb support of a full length S-257 midsole and heel and forefoot HydroFlow cushioning. Split Diagonal Rollbars (DRB) give you the extra edge to run longer in comfort. And a mesh nylon upper makes the Axiom ideal for any runner looking to regulate foot temperature to stay cool the whole run long.	Mens BROOKS AXIOM 2

Classic old-school style for the court and for the street. Synthetic upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, lateral Torsion support, non-marking herringbone traction rubber outsole. Wt. 13.2 oz.

The Nina Dolls collection is for the independent fashionista who wants casual style with a downtown-edge. Feminine and flirty, with a dash of Woodstock and a splash of the Romones, the collection is always trend-right and incredibly wearable. From lace-up oxfords, to fun flats or casual boots, Nina Dolls delivers on-time fashion with timeless quality.

For best fit, order 1 size larger than your usual size.  Onex gets flexible with this comfortable slide sandal. Elasticized fabric upper in a dress one band slide sandal wedge style, with a rounded, open toe, stitching accents, wrap-over look front with "V" shaped toe and matching fabric lining. Cushioned Onex logo printed contoured footbed. Textured cork 3/4 inch midsole rises to a semi-detached 3 inch high, yet comfortable wedge heel. Pebbled traction patterned outsole. Made in Italy.

clint black leather 130

Youre never too young to make a style statement! This adorably preppy slip-on from Ralph Lauren is constructed from cool, lightweight canvas and lined in a soft, breathable cotton blend. The moc seamed toe, contrast stitching, and lacing around the collar give it a classic boat shoe look, while the wide entry and adjustable Velcro closure make for easy dressing and a comfy fit.	You're never too young to have great shoes, like these boat shoe styled crib shoes from Polo by Ralph Lauren. Baby-soft nubuck or fabric upper in a casual boat shoe style with contrast stitching and a moc seamed toe. Instep strap with adjustable Velcro closure and Polo accent details. Soft leather or fabric lining and insole. Smooth leather or fabric outsole. Comes in a window-front gift box.

Half-cushion terry foot, 3x1 ribbed leg, hemmed double-welt top, knit-in Swoosh, reinforced heel and toe. 85% cotton/13% stretch nylon/2% Lycra spandex. Wt. 10.8 oz.

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Wolverine Men's 10 Inch Steel Toe Wellington Work Boots

RETRO

NEW Carhartt Work Boots are Insulated; Waterproof; Vibram Grip; Steel Toed; BIG BUCKS OFF! Finally, Boots that make work less of a chore! Carhartt went all out, so your feet won't be all in. Especially after a long shift. Stylish, waterproof, nubuck leather uppers; Carhartt waterproof system ensures bone-dry feet; Non-bulky 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation; Vibram yellow plug rubber outsole for grip; Removable, nylon-lined polyurethane insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; Half-gusseted tongue locks out water and debris; ASTM 75 rated steel toe protection; Each approx. 6"h., 35 ozs. State Width and Size. Order Yours! Men's Carhartt 6" 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation Waterproof Steel Toe Work Boots, Brown

The Reebok S. Carter Low is hip hop's smoothest kicks yet. Limited edition  make your move fast. Leather upper. Rubber outsole. **Order quantity is limited on this product to 10 per customer.**

Cordura and Tan Suede Leather Upper. Padded Collar. Nylon Coated Brass Speedhook. Eyelet Lacing System. Common Midsole. Midsole Heat Barrier. Removeable Cushion Insole. Ripple Sole. Galaxy Army Navy Item#5058. (Footwear & Socks. Military Jungle Boots.)

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive hippo design is embroidered onto soft and durable powder pink canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet. The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside. Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Burgundy design on powder pink canvas. Machine wash/dry. Gift packaging included. Imported. Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

Enjoy heel-to-toe walking comfort while at work  Water-resistant, full grain leather upper  Non-marking crepe wedge sole  Velvet-eez air cushioned Innersole with longitudinal cushion  Goodyear welt construction  Leather pull strap for easy on

The Hurricane II for men is an update to the classic Teva sandal. The Universal Strapping System and grippy rubber soles got the Teva brand going over 20 years ago. The EVA midsole will absorb shock from rocky trails while the River Rubber outsole grips to everything, wet or dry. Also, the Hurricane II is treated with an antimicrobial protection to keep that new sandal smell. These are what to wear when hitting the water or kickin' it around camp.Product FeaturesUpper

Corcoran 9" Side - Zip Mach Boots... durable and quick on / off! When you're living a soldier's life, "go time" can come at the drop of a hat! These Side-Zip Boots allow you to get in and out of your Stompers at a moment's notice. But that's not the only feature... they're super-comfortable and ready for hot-weather action, too! The removable DRYZ cushioned insert wicks away moisture, and this Boot even has a built-in moisture-wicking lining for a stay-dry Boot interior. The uppers are built to last for years as well, and feature a full-grain leather and breathable 1,200-denier nylon combination to get you through the toughest of tours. The rest

Reveal your inner fashionista when you slide into the Prissy sandal from Naturalizer. This sexy, sophisticated dress shoe features thin leather straps that cross at the center for a lovely open-toe look. As comfortable as it is stylish, the Prissy has a cushioned foot bed for all day support, and a perfect-height heel to keep you light on your feet all night long.	Elevate your crisp style with the Naturalizer Prissy. Arching pieces of leather capture a skin-baring silhouette in this Naturalizer shoe. Flexing an easy fit, a stretch panel works with the heel strap. The tapered heel of this women's shoe favors evening events with a glamorous finish. You'll be the belle of the ball in the Naturalizer Prissy.

Olive N Figs Beach bags are made of 100% cotton (no synthetic fibers) to give it a very durable and long life. Buy them carefree with our 'No questions asked' returns policy. These high quality bags at our prices puts the bang back in your buck. Nvie Designs supports "Street to School" Project

Vivanz offers unbelievable comfort in casual styles that are perfect day to night.	Vivanz 1984-Black Gianna Sandal by Vivanz Features

Slip into something more comfortable. Stylish and warm, these sheepskin slippers will soothe your spirits, and your feet. Their natural fleece linings are left intact during tanning and sewing to provide unsurpassed insulation and durability. Thick, non-slip rubber soles give you sure-footed traction and long lasting durabilty. Made of sturdy, hard rubber, they measure .5 inch in front, .75 inch in back. Cuffs can be worn rolled down or up to warm your ankles. Who'd have thought you could get so much comfort for so little money? Buy yours today!

This modern version of the Puma GV Special takes a creative look at the elements that made the GV Special iconic, back in the day. Newly named the Puma French 77, this casual shoe features a leather upper with a rubber outsole.

Rockport Vibram Marble Arch Wing Tips... lightweight design, heavyweight value at BIG BUCKS OFF! Lightweight comfort all day, every day. A winning combination of famous feather-light Rockport design and foot-friendly Vibram comfort... at a stone-cold bargain price. The reason? An inspector called these "B-Grades"... but wear, looks, and 100% satisfaction are all guaranteed here! Premium full-grain leather uppers; Vibram blown-rubber outsole with bounce to keep your feet energized; Repairable Goodyear leather welt construction provides stability; Permanent insole is padded for an extra layer of comfort; Leather lined for easy on / off; Each is approx. 4"h., just 9 ozs.... you'll forget you have them on! State Width

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	Size

Rocket Dog is a young-minded footwear and clothing company that was founded in 1997, and named after Max, the speedy mutt of one of the creators. The Rocket Dog consumer is an independent freethinker that shuns the polished look and materialism of the previous generation.	Rocket Dog Haze Slip - on Casuals, BIG BUCKS OFF! Doggone comfortable! Stylish Rocket Dog Casuals let you zip around town in pure comfort. Average single shoe weighs a feather-light 9 ozs. These are often mistaken as slippers, they're that comfortable! Seems a style change spells savings for you! Breathable fabric uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Permanent, fabric-lined and padded insole for comfort; Dual gore panels for a custom fit. Each approx. 4" h., 9 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Pretend to bark, then order your new Rocket Dogs today! Men's Rocket Dog Haze Slip-ons, White / Blue / Black

Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world!	Shaft Height

Protect yourself with a little bit of military chic with the Boot Camp Combat Boot from Volatile. The sleek manmade upper laces securely all the way up the leg, where a buckle enclosure assures even more support at the calf. The chunky tractioned sole provides stability no matter what terrain you choose to brave in these edgy boots.	Show the fashion police how it's done in these commandingly hip Volatile Combat boots. Faux leather upper in a casual combat boot style with a round toe. A wraparound faux leather buckle strap adds edgy, decorative detail. Grommeted front lacing and a full side zipper ease fit at the 14 inch shaft. 12 inch circumference collar, textile lining and cushioning insole. Flexible midsole and durable rubber traction outsole. 1 1/4 inch square heel. Style Name

Color

The richly colored Unisex Butted Seam 3 Eye Shoe from Dr. Martens is deceptively sturdy and comfortable. The distinctive butted seam adds attractive durability and will guarantee these shoes will be around for a long time. Built on a PVC sole with Flexlink technology, this shoe is the perfect comfort match with a pair of your favorite jeans and a cozy sweater or fleece pullover.  Benefits of Flexlink Technology As the foot flexes, the Flexlink technology in the forefoot filler softens the compression. An Ortholite insole with open cell foam increases breathability and aids in shock absorption. A leather-hinged footbed flexes in tandem with the Flexlink forefoot to enhance flexibility and comfort. Finally, a unique compression chamber cushion system absorbs footfall shock from heel to forefoot. About Dr. Martens  Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctors immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	The richly colored Unisex Butted Seam 3 Eye Shoe from Dr. Martens is deceptively sturdy and comfortable. Built on a PVC sole with Flexlink technology, this shoe is the perfect comfort. 3-eyelet shoe with centered butt seam and contrast-stitched details. Padded heel collars and sidewall stitched sole. Leather

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, searches the world to work directly with the finest artisan designers. Crafted of cotton, this set of five brilliant pencil cases is brightly clad in the renowned appliqu work of the Lisu people. They are one of Thailand's many hill tribes that migrated from China and the Tibet. Lisu textiles are famed for their colorful exuberance, which is perfectly showcased in each of these pencil cases. Artisan Info

Dyeable Pleated Satin with Clear Beaded Handle.

Altama 10" Black Combat Vulcanized Boots with a super heavy - duty vulcanized rubber outsole... armed and ready to deploy! Ideal for military and tac-ops! You get 10 inches of piled-high protection to keep out junk and debris, plus a removable cushion insole to pad each hard step you take in the course of duty. Classic comfort in a no-frills / no-fuss Combat Boot. Built right by a bonafide DOD contractor

It's all about comfort when you put the Toe Warmers Active on your feet! Guaranteed to be waterproof, this women's boot not only keeps your feet dry, it keeps them warm as well with a Warmtex sock lining. This Toe Warmers boot features a velcro closure that ensures a perfect fit, as well as easy on off. Made with pride and care in Canada, this boot encourages you to stay active no matter the season. The Toe Warmers Active will stand up to any winter weather!

Dressy tassels and a more flexible handsewn toe. Comfort doesn't have to cost you style. Florsheim Bowman Loafers combine dressy tassels with flexible handsewn toe. More flexibility, no "puckering" and a better fit for your toes. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

Polo Sport slide sandal. Great for the beach, health club, or just knocking around! With a soft velcro strap this sandal can fit almost any width foot. Also great for pool wear because you can get it wet and not worry!

With the original suede-lined cork and latex footbed to soothe your feet, you really can't go wrong with the Birkenstock Florida Sandal. The fully adjustable triple-strap combo allows for the perfect fit and the shock absorbing EVA sole means you can play in these versatile shoes all day long. Soft and decadent from the leather straps to the supple footbed, you can't ask for a better pair of sandals.	Casually styled, comfortable sandals are definitely a must for spring & summer. Classic style has three straps with individual buckles for an adjustable fit. Microfiber upper is made from soft synthetic materials with a suede-like finish for a lasting style and comfort. 1" soft, suede-lined cork/latex footbed. With Birkenstock's signature cork footbed with double Jute layer for better-than-barefoot comfort. Raised toe bar, footbed form, arch support and deep heel cup with footbed liner combine to align your foot naturally for even weight distribution and proper support.

When crib-ready still means board-ready, these cool first skate kicks from Etnies make the perfect crib shoe.  Smooth leather upper in a crib shoe style, with stitching, overlay and Etnies' logo E side detail.  Full lace up front with a lightly padded tongue and collar.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned insole.  Leather crib-style outsole with a board-ready traction patterned print effect.

ThermoFeet are heat reflecting mirrors that are 99% effective.  ThermoFeet technology installs between your feet and insole.  They are 1.4 millimeters thin, and will not affect fit.  ThermoFeet reflects thermal wavelengths to keep your feet warm in the winter and cool in the summer.

WOW! Rockport Walkers, BIG BUCKS OFF! Tops in lightweight comfort! Details

Brand and Style - NEW BALANCE695    Size - 9    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - LK    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Molded quarters provide reinforcement and exceptional stability and ankle support, molded sockliner adds support to the arch and adds cushioning. Outsole is designed to be lightweight, flexible and absorb shock. Internal arch shank offers responsive support.

EXTRA FINE SUGAR PUMPS * PU / PATENT LEATHER * MEDIUM WIDTH 2.5" HEEL HEIGHT * IMPORT * THIS IS AN URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE AND CANNOT BE FOUND IN OUR STORES **BLACK ONLY AVAILABLE IN 10 SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $54.00NOW -

clint dark brown 90

The New Balance 805 is a baseball turf shoe for the high school and college player. Performance synthetic upper adds lightweight comfort. ISS (Internal Support System) construction hugs the midfoot for added support. EVA midsole. Stability Web structured lightweight arch support provides optimal rigidity that helps prevent midfoot flex. Nubbed rubber outsole offers superior turf traction. Wt. 15.0 oz.

clint dark brown 95

The perfect shoe for the end-of-the-school-year look. Tumbled leather upper, heel tab, rubber toe cap. Big Kids sizes 3-6.

The shearling suede moccasin slipper from Slipper International couldnt be more comfortable and warm. This handsome slipper wears well indoors and outdoors and features genuine sheepskin lining and insole, contrasting leather whipstitching and tie on the front, and a flexible rubber outsole.	Arlington by Tamarac is a Low Heel Casual Loafer with sheepskin lining. Available in whole sizes only and runs true to size.

Entry level all around shoe. Spilt leather upper for support and durability. UniSole outsole constuction enhances traction by maximizing sole contact with the mat.

NEW Rockport Craigshills... SAVE BIG! Flexible style, because comfort counts! No break-in period required. These Craigshills reach the comfort summit right out of the box. Factory new, but were labeled "B Grade" because of a minor cosmetic glitch. Stylish full-grain leather uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Removable, dual-density, padded and nylon-lined insole; Kinetic air circulator keeps air flowing through for moisture-wicking, dry comfort; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Each is approx. 4"h., and a barely there 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Now! Men's Rockport "B Grade," Craigshills, Brown

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The Steve Madden Emereld is a stylish and versatile ankle boot that can be worn for dressy occasions as well as casual situations. It is made with a leather upper and a non-skid sole.

The Nautilus lace-up for men exceeds standards in protection and looks. This full-grain, brown leather boot features a matching metatarsal guard over the laces. Along with an extreme temperature control system, heat-resistant to 360-degrees, you'll be safe and snug in these comfortable boots, at work or outdoors.	You don't want to wear "elephant feet" to make sure your dogs are protected on the job, so Nautilus has provided you a pair of N1512 Hikers to give you a better option.The full-grain (sturdiest) leather upper sports a techno-look that includes several safety features. Your toes and metatarsal area are guarded with a flexible, hinged, technology constructed to meet national industry standards for compression and impact. Being rated for Electrical Hazards, these Nautilus Hikers will also protect you if you accidentally brush against a live wire delivering up to 600 volts under dry conditions. (Of course, despite these injury-reducing features, we still recommend you watch where the heck you're going!)The soles are non-marking, so you can enter more "civilized" areas (say, on a service call) without worrying about scuffing the floor. They're also oil and slip-resistant, so you won't make a fool of yourself at the same time by leaving the vertical unnecessarily. If you work in a foundry or around incredibly hot materials, you'll appreciate that these rubber soles can withstand temperatures over 3 1/2 times that of boiling water.The issues of foot comfort and foot fatigue are addressed with a padded tongue and collar, water-resistant leather, and a reinforced heel counter so your foot doesn't slide around and get irritated. A removable Athletech footbed and cushion midsole help absorb foot shock to give you a more spring in your step, and the Taibrille lining wicks away moisture from sticking to your feet.Weighing in at just over 3 pounds, these practical Nautilus N1512 EH Steel Toe Met Guard Hikers are made for work.. Try 'em on and feel the difference.Sizes

Capezio's Glisse is a great starter pointe shoe. The long vamp and wider toe box will keep you more comfortable, while the #3 shank helps you to roll up on your toes more easily.	Broad, feathered toe box. Medium vamp and No. 3 leather board shank, 3/4 skived to No. 1. Round shape throat and elastic drawstring. Hand-flattened crown. New pleating with quiet toe construction. Soft cotton lining. BEST FIT

The Syracuse from Eastland is a no-nonsense shoe that's incredibly easy to wear and durable. Thanks to its comfort unit sole, this shoe is designed for everyday wear. As stylish as it is comfortable, the Syracuse features decorative stitching and an eye-catching cross buckle.	You feet will thank you when you slip into the all-day comfort and casual-to-dress versality of this favorite Eastland shoe. Set in a full-grain leather upper, the Eastland Syracuse features a center seam detail with topstitching for visual appeal. A padded collar and adjustable buckle allow for a customizable and comfortable fit. The removable, cushioned insole of this women's shoe features comfort zones to help over-stressed feet, and the polyurethane outsole absorbs shock and provides lightweight durability. Fashion and function - with the Easltand Syracuse you can have it all!

Justin Work Boots are premium quality oil tanned, full grain leather cowboy-boots. Original Justin roper toe & heel style, oil reisistant polyurethane rubber outsole, built to last. Available in bark or copper.

Ideal for a variety of team sports, the Pro Feet Acrylic Multi-Sport sock for men features a soft construction of hi-bulk acrylic, nylon, and elastic.

2008 World Surfing Champion Mick Fanning's Signature Sandal.

TOUGH Teva Terra Wraptor GORE - TEX XCR Hikers are 100% WATERPROOF and breathable. PRICED LESS! When it comes to climbing, hiking or just hanging out, these are the dynamite outdoor Hikers you can depend on. 100% waterproof. Grippy. Athletic styling. A style change means a huge savings! Rugged, waterproof nylon uppers; GORE-TEX XCR membrane is waterproof and breathable; Sure-grip rubber lug outsole; Dual-density, compression-molded midsole for impact absorption; Removable orthotic EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking GORE-TEX 3-bar-knit lining; Padded tongue / collar; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out water / debris; TPU bumper for extended wear; TPU heel counter for stability; Drawstring with toggle lock-lacing; Fully adjustable Wraptor technology for a precise fit; Each weighs approx. 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Let's roll! Order Today! Men's Teva Terra Wraptor GORE-TEX XCR Hikers, Navy

The New Balance 620 is a versatile cross-trainer with superior shock absorption featuring ABZORB in the heel and forefoot.

Tommy Hilfiger Footwear consists of products that range from core athletic styles to youthful, cutting edge fashion footwear that delivers fabulous styles season after season. The signature Tommy Hilfiger logo and the prominent red, white, and blue colors on their designs remain true to their classic all-American style.	So you're proud new parents of a handsome little boy, and now it's time to buy him that first pair of sandals. Tommy Hilfiger has Lil Bryce Crib shoes that look like traditional fisherman sandals. The suede leather used for both the tops and the soles is soft to the touch but durable. The Velcro closing keeps the shoes snuggly in place.

hether white leather 100

This sporty athletic-style sneaker is built tough to keep up with your active boy. It features a comfortable leather upper with an easy hook and loop entry for a secure custom fit. The durable non-marking outsole is traction patterned for reliable grip on just about any terrain, and the "no stink" lining wicks away moisture to keep his feet cool and comfortable.	For an all-purpose sneaker that'll work when he's in school or playing it cool, give him these Stride Rite kicks. The durable leather upper features stylish accents, and the Velcro straps offer easy access. The rugged outsole can handle any terrain; the insole is nice and plush, sure to provide superior comfort. It's perfect footwear for the classroom or the playground! Genuine Leather Upper, Balance Man Made Materials Made in China

Vans Classic B/W Checkered SlipOns .Recognized around the world, a SoCal icon! Every closet needs a pair of checkerboards! Canvas, slipon deck shoe with VansandNumber39;andNumber39;andNumber39;andNumber39; classic Off the Wall outsole.

Wear them inside or out, the Acorn Women's Upside Down Slipper is well suited to either indoor lounging or tent bound comfort. The lightweight 450 fill power goose down insulation, underfoot support, and weatherproof outsole are wonderful for relaxing in the tent or stepping out when nature calls. Likewise, the Upside Down slipper for women is a welcome sight for tired feet when arriving home after a busy day, providing just the right footwear for flopping on the couch or sitting back in an easy chair.

Women's Daniel Green Brighton Slippers... here's a super - comfortable clog for all - year wear! Chilly feet know no seasonal boundaries! Slip into these clog-style Slippers all year 'round and treat your feet right when you're relaxing around the house or even in the yard. Now you can buy Daniel Green quality... priced right here at Bargain Outfitters! Look here

Founded more than 40 years ago in Van Nuys, California, K-Swiss introduced the first all-leather tennis shoe, the K-Swiss Classic, in 1966. Since its inception, K-Swiss has rooted itself in California Sport with an aim to be the most inspiring and innovative athletic brand in the market. Today, the company offers performance and lifestyle footwear and apparel for several categories under its California Sports umbrella including Tennis Heritage, California Fit (Running, Triathlon and Fitness) and California Youth.	This K-Swiss crib shoe features soft full-grain leather. Soft ultra-suede outsole. Striped detailing with a padded heel and collar. Woven K-Swiss logo on tongue. Die-cut sock liner.

Minnetonka gives you an alternative to ordinary summer footwear with this refreshing, island-in-the-sun sandal  Leather upper  Leather-covered, cushioned insole  Polyurethane sole  1-1/8 heel  Adjustable hook and loop closure  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up NOTE

Dansko's Golden Gate Collection proudly carries the Seal of Acceptance from the American Podiatric Medical Association.

Warm and light weight, like wearing down-filled socks to keep cold toesies toasty warm. Surround yourself in the luxurious warmth of lightweight down, and elegant, luxurious 100% cotton 300 thread count sateen fabric. (all slippers are medium width) XS (5-6) S (7-8) M (9-10) L (11-12)

Timberland set new industry standards for craftsmanship, durability and protection when it introduced an authentic, waterproof leather boot in 1973. A global leader in design, engineering and marketing of premium footwear, Timberland values consumers who cherish the outdoors and their time in it. Timberland has been an industry leader in the use of both sustainable and recycled materials in its shoes, as well as its footwear packaging. The Timberland Company believes in corporate responsibility and supports numerous civic and social projects throughout the year.	The Euro Hiker Leather and Fabric Hiking Boots for Kid's from Timberland takes classic ruggedness and combines it with contemporary style for a boot that's perfect for the outdoors, but also looks and feels good on city streets. The metallic details and dual-color laces stand out against the leather and fabric uppers for a distinctive, youthful character. From the padded collar to the hard-wearing outsoles, these boots give your kids all the support their growing feet need.

24"Long stainless steel shoehorn has a curved, vinyl covered hand grip. Curved grip is easier to grasp and can also be used for pulling socks up.

No Matter what type of comfort you're looking for, you'll find it in these cute slides from Clarks. Soft and supple leather uppers featuring an intricately designed upper with unique stitching details and soft leather lining. Soft cushioned EVA footbed with leather sockliner. Lightweight and flexible PU sole. Cement construction.

Chic double gore dress shoe. Bicycle toe design. Elastic gore for easy on/off. Leather lined. Durable rubber outsole. Smooth solid or burnished leather upper in a dress slip on loafer style, with stitched apron style squared toe. Stitching and side overlay accents and hidden side elastic panels for easy on.

U.S.A.-made Men's Tony Lama Pointed-Toe 13" Western Boots. These Tony Lama 100% Vaquero Boots are made to suit the true Western Lifestyle. They'll draw you in with comfort and classic style... and keep you lovin' 'em with rugged durability! Check out the details

2.65 oz. Simply the best all round conditioner for smooth and natural leather. Conditions and waterproofs your outdoor shoes effectively.

101654BKR9 Features

Jack Rogers Navajo Sandal is a handsewn leather thong sandal in gold with silver trim detailing. Leather lining and leather soles.

Jaunita, friendly, a bit flirty and ready for fun in the sun, this wedge sandal is anything but boring. A smooth upper is spiced-up with rhinestone adorned vamp on the buckle.	Brand new item.

#464310  UPPER

The oxford shoe meets the durable low boot in this Cool Cat Padded Collar Oxford from Skechers. A great 21st century version of the basic lace-up, the Cool Cat sports a fully padded collar and ankle for all-day comfort, plus a lug sole and 4-eyelet lacing. This shoe upscales nicely with your best slacks and a blazer, or pairs with your favorite jeans and sweater for a casual evening at the movies.   About Skechers Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	You're a sharp customer - and Skechers Cool Cat is the oxford for you. This classic lace-up oxford features a full grain leather upper atop a split midsole design, with a padded collar for added comfort. The lug sole is both eye-catching and practical, providing all the traction you need. Kick back in Skechers Cool Cat.

5 inch Heel Knee Boot Women's Size Shoe With Sequins.

coyl pink paris 65

coyl pink paris 60

Electrify your look in this sexy knee-high boot from Pleaser. Its platform, flared heel, and sleek upper present a flirtatious vibe, but its corset-style side lacing takes it into ultra-provocative, tough-girl territory. It also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	Shaft Height

So much is right about Matiko Footwear, which was founded by young designer Jesse Howard in 2003. Matiko has taken shape by merging styles and sophistication of the past with tomorrow's fashion footwear. The handmade collections are created with rich leathers, luxurious colors, and delicate details. The Matiko girl is a fusion of fashion savvy, provocative chic, feminine, flirtatiousness, and undeniable hipness! This new lifestyle brand is a staple in every woman's shoe collection.

A performance walking shoe with a stretch flex system that provides a customized and cushioned fit.

With the Stan Smith Scien men's tennis shoes, adidas offered graffiti artist Scien the chance of a lifetime. He got to draw graffiti on a classic. In an effort to take the street to the court, adidas recruited several graffiti artists to deface the Stan Smith (the shoe, not the person, of course) moving their art from walls and abandoned subway cars to the supple leather upper and grippy rubber cupsole of one of the world's best-selling tennis shoes. The result is pure footwear art; a cool, distinctive take on a legend that continues to perform well on the court while looking so swank. Thanks to the Stan Smith Scien men's tennis shoes you can keep the dependable performance of a time-tested legend while dressing like a gosh darn hooligan. A little well-done vandalism, confined to the right area, can be a wonderful thing. Style # 017180.

A fashion-focused yet contemporary brand, Hype speaks to a fun sophisticated woman who is conscious of style. Providing function with fashion and the utilization of exquisite leathersand beautiful hardware, Hype exudes quality, value and chic understandability.

Aku from Hush Puppies is an easy look for laid-back days. The upper part features unique cutouts and a slip-on construction for quick donning. The padded footbed gives you great shock absorption, while the outsole features a slight heel for moderate height.	A real favorite! This comfortable 10/8" dress pump is perfect to wear anywhere and a great value, too. SoftflexTM soles add comfort and flexibility to each step. Antibacterial manmade uppers with microfiber linings keep feet cool and healthy. In a full range of colors and sizes. Imported.

The Danner Marine Boot delivers durable, rugged and lightweight 1000 Denier nylon upper and are made in the USA

Your confidence will be Glowing with pure sexiness when wearing this beautiful ultra-low heel slingback flat from Kenzie. This sophisticated flat has a lightly pebbled leather upper with an alluring open toe, a feminine heel sling with an elastic panel for a flexible fit, and a low covered heel for a perfect little boost. The soft linings and fully cushioned insole provides long-lasting comfort, while the lightly textured outsole will keep both feet on the ground with pure grace and elegance. The Glowing can take you from the office to happy hour in a swift quick step.	Brand and Style - KENZIEGlowing    Size - 8    Width - Medium (B, M)    Color - White    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Get wet 'n' wild! High - tech, low - priced Mion Sandals. BIG BUCKS OFF! Cool, stylish and comfortable Mion Sandals for air-conditioned, casual comfort all summer. Mion footwear is ruggedly built and eco-friendly, made with some recycled materials and renewable energy certified by Green-e. Features

The slouchy leather Lansing with heel brings a classic look to a new level. Exquisite with a skirt or jeans tucked in, mix up your style by wearing the flap up or down.	Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.

Whether you prefer to dress up or keep it casual, the Timberland Raffia boot has you covered. This size-zip leather boot features a smooth Nubuck or leather upper with a zippered side for easy on and off. Rubber Outsole provides dependable traction.

Since 1987, Aerosoles has developed high quality, comfortable and fashion-right shoes at affordable prices. Aerosoles offers a vast assortment of women's shoes to suit every occasion, from office wear to weekend gear and everything in between.

For comfort to last for the long haul, Rocky Trailsport Low Hikers. BIG SAVINGS! These Hikers are cut more like an athletic shoe... but on the inside they're definitely built for the path less traveled. Layers of shock-absorbing padding, with wicking capabilities to keep you high and dry. Durable uppers are nubuck leather, suede leather and nylon mesh; Rubber lug outsole; EVA midsole; External nylon shank for stability; Removable, mesh-lined, wicking polyurethane insole; Rubber-reinforced toe and heel cap for long-lasting performance; 4 ghillie / 1 lace lock lacing; Approx. 4 3/4"h., 14 ozs. each. State Width

Where fashion has come to affect the "sole of soccer". Finest kangaroo leather upper with extended heel cup provides added protection and support. Fashionable trademark reflective chevrons. PU outsole with 13 fixed studs for grass surfaces. ****Hang tag and/or sticker on shoes denotes the UK size, not the USA size.****

Me Too builds shoes from the ground up to bring you the fashion and comfort you deserve. They accomplish this by using the finest leathers, components and treatments, combined with the latest inspirations.Me Too is established in the fashion world as timeless and classic with a little edge.

ShoeDry is a compact, lightweight footwear and accessory dryer. ShoeDry utilizes a whisper quiet motor to dry and warm footwear and accessories in 2 hours or less. The air is heated to 98 degrees F (body temperature) insuring that footware and accessories will not be damaged. With a click of a button the legs collapse for easy compact storage.

Cordura Suede Leather Upper. Padded Collar. Removeable Cushion Insole. Panama Sole. Galaxy Army Navy Item#5057. (Footwear & Socks. Military Jungle Boots.)

The mix of texture and color and the combination of casual and chic has a gorgeous effect in this stylish and distinctive design from Jambu. Crafted from leather and featuring two-tone, braided leather straps, the Spice is as comfy as it is unique, with a slender thong post, contoured insole, and supportive wedge heel. And it's fabulously versatile, perfect for pairing with shorts, crops, leggings and other everyday favorites.	Inspired by the beauty and mystique of the rainforest, Jambu footwear is designed to guide you in style and comfort on your next personal journey  at home or across the globe. Let Jambu join you as you zip line through the rainforest, stroll the beach, navigate the city, or travel the world. Be you with Jambu. They use 100% recycled, recyclable and re-usable packaging and their outsoles are made with partially recycled rubber. In this small way, they hope to preserve the great outdoors for future generations. Renew with Jambu.

Wrangle in this Classic Western boot from Durango. It promises to pair as well with flowing full skirts as it does with denim.	Leather Upper, Leather shaft lining, Cowgirl Heel, Number 2 Toe, Cushion insole with Flex Forepart, Hand-Stained Composition Outsole

Give your little one the gift of Italian style and craftsmanship. The Disruptor II sneaker features a Filabuck upper with a perforated toe to keep little toes cool and perspiration-free. Tongue and heel pull-on tabs make for easy entry and exit, and full laces offer an easily adjustable fit. A grippy rubber outsole delivers cushioning and sure-stepped traction.	From the weave of the laces to the excellent tread below, Fila's Disruptor toddler shoes will have him on the go in no time. These cute casual shoes are the perfect boys shoes for kids that love to run and play. Feet stay comfortable at all times and the snug fit allows them to kick and play as they will.

Perfect for training and daily usage, the Reebok Fly IV DMX Lo features a leather and synthetic upper for support and durability. Full-length EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole delivers great traction. Wt. 13.0 oz.

Nell M's Madison oxford is a premium calfskin oxford with exclusively patented construction for unsurpassed flexibility and shock attenuation. Soft, perforated leather lining and removable foot-bed add comfort, making the Broadways perfect for all-day wear.	The Neil M 100318 shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The leather outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

When we first saw this boot, we exclaimed, "Cute!", but we soon realized it's more than just another pretty face

10 Logo Eyelet Cap Toe Boot (Steel Toe). Leather

#109020 UPPER

Chibi style key chain of Urahara from the hit anime, Bleach. Approx. 2" tall.

Add luxurious style to your casual shoe collection. The adidas Superstar Lux is a men's casual shoe with a sleek leather upper and durable rubber outsole.

Secure your style with the unique seatbelt fabrication of this bag from Harveys. It features shiny, durable hardware, an adjustable strap, and a zippered closure. The logoed interior features pockets for extra organization. It's a great choice in throw-it-over-your-shoulder-and-go handbags.	Meet the HARVEYS, husband and wife Dana and Melanie Harvey. In March 1997, while installing seatbelts into their 1950 Buick, they had the idea of making Melanie a matching handbag. Everyone loved hers so much that they decided to make more. They started making them in their one car garage in California but quickly outgrew it. They've since expanded to a 12,000 ft2 design studio in Santa Ana, California where every SEATBELTBAG is lovingly built to exact specifications. The Harveys are committed to producing a bag of superior quality using the finest and most durable materials available. Never satisfied with the status quo, they are constantly adding new colors and styles.

4 inch Ankle Boots Women's Size Shoe With Buckles and Chains.

Whether your look is Ivy League, new school, or metro chic, the Yale clog will add flair and style to your wardrobe. The woven leather upper and buckle detail create a relaxed look for your jeans, khakis, or skirts, while the thick, rugged, rubber sole with its 2 inch heel adds just the right height.	Whether your look is Ivy League, new school, or metro chic, the Yale clog will add flair and style to your wardrobe. The woven leather upper and buckle detail create a relaxed look for your jeans, khakis, or skirts, while the thick, rugged, rubber sole with its 2 inch heel adds just the right height.

Mens ASICS GT-2120

The Under Armour Leadoff baseball shoe features a synthetic leather upper that provides good hand feel and lightweight quality. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture, keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Vented mesh quarter panel offer optimum breathability. Abrasion resistant toe guard adds durability. Full-length EVA midsole delivers added comfort, cushioning and dispersing of cleat pressure. Performance EVA insole gives cushioning and comfort. Rotational Traction cleat configuration optimizes rotational capability. Two-piece molded rubber outsole and cleats. Wt. 12.2 oz.

The Under Armour Metal Speed II D football shoe is designed for the fastest players on the field. UA Metal technology keeps you dry and light for explosive cuts and acceleration. Synthetic upper with performance mesh quarter panel provides lightweight performance and breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport system wick moisture to help keep the foot cool, dry and comfortable. T-Tongue Construction with Lycra bindings wrapping the foot adds optimal fit, comfort and support. Direct-injected molded external heel counter offers outstanding fit and heel hold. Molded Bi-Fit insole board disperses cleat pressure and offers lightweight midfoot support and rigidity and optimal forefoot flexibility. Full-length layer of EVA gives long-lasting cushioning and comfort. Performance cushioning insole with Poron ProZorb inserts in key pressure zones. Dual Plate Technology makes the shoe lighter, more flexible and offers better overall comfort and performance. Seven-stud detachable configuration with two additional fixed cleats in the center forefoot provides maximum traction and forward acceleration. Metal tipped cleats offer maximum traction and durability. Wt. 15.0 oz.

4" Heel Clear Mule W/Rhinestones.

The Itasca Searay men's hikers offer you a comfortable slip-on design with removable comfort insoles and a 1000-denier Cordura uppers. These shoes have traction rubber outsoles for an enhanced grip.

Renamed the Campus around 1980, this version is a replica of the original. Leather upper with stripes and heel tab, rubber midsole/outsole.

Wash and Wear? Yes, that's right; the name says it all. Tagged with a 1,000 mile guarantee, this lightweight, soft leather sneaker will hug your foot with perfection, while the nylon collar allows for a fully flexible step. What's more, the multi-directional tread will give you traction on a number of surfaces, while the removable, shock-absorbing insole will keep you light on your feet from morning to night. The Wash and Wear makes the road ahead virtually endless.	Propet Wash & Wear Slip-Ons. Get them in extra-wide sizes too! These Wash & Wear Walkers are the ultimate in comfort. Lightweight and breathable. Durable and supportive. Everything you want from your Athletic Shoes

TOUR MASTER/CORTECH T/M RESPONSE SC ROAD BOOT 14Response SC Road Boot The Tour Master Response SC is a fully functional motorcycle boot with a short-cut top for ease of entry. As comfortable walking as it is riding, this boot can easily be worn all day. Short-cut top allows for easy entry Constructed with durable 1.8mm to 2.0mm waterproof leather King Tex waterproof/breathable membrane combines with sealed seams and gussets to provide comfortable waterproofing Oil resistant molded rubber cup sole #20 waterproof thread is stitched throughout the boot, thus providing further waterproofing Toe guard protects the left boot from wear due to motorcycle shifter controls Hard molded toe cup for improved shifting and protection The boot interior is lined with a soft and comfortable K-315 material Circular molded ankle bone protector 3M Scotchlite rear reflective oval and side panel helps increase nighttime visibility Secure lace system with leather and elastic stretch panel cover Rear pull tab to aid entry Available colors

Demonia by Pleaser takes everyone's favorite trend and spices it up a bit. The classic suede-like and faux-fur silhouette is there, but its daring and curvaceous platform and heel, this look is taken to a whole new level--literally.	Boot Height

cult 26011 wrd 9

cult 26011 wrd 8

cult 26011 wrd 7

cult 26011 wrd 6

Make a serious statement with the Pleaser Pace-01 platform sandal. The upper is a simple band over the foot, allowing the on-trend platform wedge to take center stage. Offering you a flattering lift, the sandal will look great with a maxi dress or Capri pants.	Heel Height

Step out in style with this fantastic pump from Trotter. The Doris stuns with a luxurious leather upper and a simple block heel. This is one pump that can go from a day the office to a night on the town with ease.	Captivate your casual character in the Doris pump from Trotters. Soft leather showcases a subtle elegance. Lightweight polyurethane sole creates a flexible stride to carry you toward sociable venues.

This ballet flat from crocs is the ultimate summer style. Its ventilated upper and traction outsole come together in a fun, girly design that'll take you wherever you want to go--fashionably.	This women's Crocs Prima casual shoe is a slim-fitting, ballet-inspired flat. It's made with Croslite material that conforms to your foot, creating a custom fit for all-day comfort.

Work pizzazz! New Georgia Boot Steel Toe Comfort Core Boots are comfortable chorebusters. SAVE BIG! Showroom-sharp as a new car! Who's wearing the coolest Boots on the job? YOU, of course. That is, with your feet planted in these beauties by famous Georgia Boot. Just look at their stance. Tough. Ready to go. Made to last. Due to a discontinued style, BIG bucks are kicked off the usual out-the-go price. Get yours! Performance

Kickstart your hawg in these Harley-Davidson Cosmo Side-zip Boots! SAVE BIG! When the road is going by at 60 mph underneath the pedals, you'll be grateful you've got these rugged Cosmos on your dawgs. They're from Harley-Davidson, so you know they're tough enough to take the heat and protect the feet. They wanted to make a style change for this year, so the price on this classic model has been reduced drastically... On Sale for much less! Ready to ride

****This product will not be available to ship until the middle of August.**** Step up and support your favorite NFL team in the Reebok NFL Recline. This casual men's shoe features a soft leather, football-inspired upper for comfort and support. Padded foam sockliner adds comfort and cushioning. High-abrasion rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

jumpp red fabric 80

Sharp Guide Gear Hydro-Port Water Shoes. Ducks have webbed feet, but you've got Guide Gear Hydro-Port Water Shoes. Comfortable, great-looking, affordable. And they do their job, from dock to dinghy to deck. Drenched in value and extras

Perfect for any activity--hanging out or on the track.  Trubuck upper on a lightweight compression-molded EVA midsole and traction rubber outsole. Imported. Item# 83359

Shoes

Halfshells were offered to NBA players in 1974 as an alternative to the dominant court shoe of the time

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	The Ecco Berlin Gore-Tex Shoe, a modern business shoe with a classic touch. Perfect choice for a narrow foot.

For 60 years, Jumping Jacks has been committed to making quality children shoes based on the premise that kids' feet come in all shapes and sizes. They've added features like leather-cushioned insoles and full-leather linings on most of shoes to insure that your child's feet stay cool and dry. Jumping Jacks foot beds are flexible and use size-graded outsoles for better fit. Believing that children's shoes should be for children and not adult look-a-likes, Jumping Jacks shoes will accommodate your child's growing needs for years to come. Whether you are looking for your baby's first shoe or a comfortable fitted children's shoe, Jumping Jacks' products will suit every need for a child's growing foot. Jumping Jacks is setting the standard for premier baby and adolescent brands; with orthopedically correct design, fashion innovation, and parent-friendly merchandising.

Adidas - Superstar 2G Mens Shoes In Running White/ N.Navy

coyl white paris 70

The hottest look at the hottest price!  The most wanted look this season, this stacked heel pump is both trendy and comfortable to wear.  Great for casual and dressy occasions, this is a must have!  This style features a suede finish

The Reebok Move DMX Max walking shoe features DMX max for maximum volume moving cushioning, a leather and mesh upper for comfort, support and breathability, transition bridge for heel to toe transition, opti-flex zone for forefoot flexibility, removable sockliner to accommodate orthotics and beveled heel construction enhances walking stride.

The richness of Osgoode Marley's Cashmere leather is

Classic sneaker style is given an elegant, dressed-up edge in the Steve Madden men's Atahri casual shoe. Made with a classic leather upper, these shoes feature contrast detail stitching and a durable rubber outsole.

The entry-level Puma Esito III Pro TT soccer shoe sets out to bring players success, independent of age or position. Soft yet highly resistant PU upper. Soft ankle lining, off-centered lacing and unique fold-over tongue construction. Rubber multi-studded outsole. Suitable for use on hard natural surfaces and artificial turf. Wt. 11.4 oz.

A precise yet powerful low profile a3 midsole gives the adidas Microride running shoe the ultimate blend of bounce and flexibility with minimum weight. Mesh nylon upper combines light weight and breathability. Seam-free fit technology. Full-length a3 TPU plate adds dynamic cushioning. adiWEAR outsole provides best durability in high wear areas. Wt. 13.4 oz.

Materials are naturally soft, light and highly breathableOne Component PU outsole with leather welt and shock point direct injectedRemovable ECCO comfort Fibre insoleTextile and leather liningUppers made of leather, suede and oiled nubuck

Chinese Laundry launched in 1982 with a collection of fashion forward footwear targeted to the young women's market. From stylish daytime looks in innovative fabrics and leathers, to evening collections in dressy metallics and iridescents, Chinese Laundry continues to create and deliver style and fashion at an affordable price. Chinese Laundry has carved a niche for itself in today's competitive market and is available in better department and specialty stores nationwide.

Take your skating to the next level with the Etnies Cinch. 400 NBS rubber outsole provides superior traction and optimal board control. STI foam footbed and EVA midsole offer support and cushioning. Synthetic suede or action leather upper with padded tongue and collar provides additional comfort and cushioning. Tongue-centering straps add stability. ****This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.****

Crocs Mary Jane Womens Footwear

When the feet are uncomfortable, so is the mind and body. With these words, Donald J Pliner has committed his life to the quality and perfection of an innovative line of shoes. A life-long and family tradition is continued with his luxuriously comfortable footwear that never compromises creativity or fashion. Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury footwear and accessories in 1989, and immediately established a reputation for innovative design and high style for both men and women. Pioneering new materials, such as stretchable micro-fibers, he also brought unprecedented comfort, flexibility, and lightness to footwear. Born into a Chicago-based family shoe business, life at DJP is also a family affair. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife and frequent model for the innovative ad campaigns, works side-by-side with him to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. And the Pliner's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll, is ever present, inspiring her own clothing line for the past three years. Today this global brand, manufactured in both Italy and Spain, has established an almost cult following among people who were originally attracted by the fashion-forward style, but return again and again for the comfort and craftsmanship.

Built to last from premium full-grain leather, the Timberland Toddler's Premium Waterproof Boots are as rugged and dependable as the adult classic they are modeled after. Featuring a padded collar, cushioned EVA footbed, rubber lug outsole, and arch-supporting steel shank, these durable boots will keep children's feet dry and comfortable during outdoor activities.Waterproof full-grain leather upper for comfortBreathable EVA footbed absorbs shock and cushions footPadded collar for a comfortable fit around the ankleSteel shank provides arch supportRubber lug outsole offers traction on slick surfacesWaterproof Leather Keeps Feet Dry The Timberland Premium Waterproof Boot features a seam-sealed full-grain leather upper to keep children's feet dry and protected in rain and snow. A padded collar ensures a comfortable fit around the ankle, and a breathable EVA footbed provides lightweight cushioning and shock absorption. Plus, the boot's hardware will not rust, even after prolonged exposure to the elements.Thick Rubber Outsole for Traction This durable boot contains a thick, nonslip rubber lug outsole to help children maintain their grip, while a steel shank provides arch support. The boot is lined with soft fabric for added comfort. Durable, long-lasting Taslan laces ensure a secure, comfortable fit.About Timberland For three generations, Timberland has built a reputation for making rugged outdoor gear. In 1973, Timberland introduced their first waterproof leather boot, setting new standards for craftsmanship, durability, and protection for the outdoors. Timberland gear is built with a passion for the outdoors that is reflected in the company's commitment to the environment.What's in the Box Timberland Toddler 6-Inch Premium Waterproof Boot Trademark Information

Stepping into the Tara slipper-sandal from Daniel Green is a truly luxurious experience. Its plush fabric upper is indescribably soft, and, with its thick padding and rubber outsole, you'll feel like you're walking on air. Tara couldn't get any more comfortable--oops--we were wrong. Its open toe and adjustable Velcro closure also increase its coziness.	Just the ticket for cozy, at-home relaxation  Soft, terry cloth upper  Memory Foam insole  Canvas-covered, rubber-like sole  Adjustable hook and loop closure  Machine washable

The Pacific Outdoors Boot and Glove Dryer is an all-in-one design that is great for any style boot, shoe, skate, or glove. The convection drying system safely dries your gloves and footwear, so they will be warm and ready when you need them next. The illuminated on/off switch ensures that the units is running when you need it, and off when you don't. Constructed of durable molded plastic, this boot and glove dryer is built to last. And with tray drip catches, you can rest easy knowing that clean-up is a breeze.	Kiss wet hands and feet goodbye with this innovative boot and glove convection dryer

Wolverine DuraShocks Gore Oxfords fight slips and falls. SAVE BIG! These sure grippers are designed to keep you on your feet! Full-grain leather uppers for durable style; DuraShocks sole for comfort and grip; Removable leather-lined DuraShocks outsole for cushioning; Leather lining; Dual neoprene stretch panels for a custom fit; Approx. 4 3/4"h., 11 ozs. State Color and Width

Havana Joe was born in 1993 on the coast of the Mediterranean in Alicante, Spain. Antonio Vicente created his shoes for walking. Each shoe is carefully crafted of first quality Spanish leathers right there in Alicante. Whether it be exploring the Aztec ruins of Mexico or battling the rush hour streets of Manhattan, Havana Joe is the shoe to accompany you on all your walking adventures.

This shoe has a suede or a suede and leather upper with a triple stitched toe cap for strength, a die-cut EVA midsole and a SBR/gum rubber outsole.

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	The Ecco Business Comfort Bicycle Toe Slip On, a stylish slip on oxford for business or casual.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	The waterproof full grain leather is soft and pliable providing quality and style.

Terrific for transporting shoes and any other small necessities. 100% cotton with dyed-to-match drawcord closure on top. Measures 15h x 11w.

Bright chrome eyelets and metallic logo details add pizzazz to a soft nubuck leather upper in this sporty and stylish jogger. Slip your foot inside and enjoy the comfort and support of the cushioned footbed and padded tongue and collar. A rugged traction outsole delivers excellent grip and a traditional lace-up entry ensures a snug fit.	Fuel up for action with the Premium jog-styled shoe from Skechers. Metal eyelets accent the lacing system as well as metal logo on the rear midsole. Footbed is cushioned for your daily comfort expectations. Lace them up and hit the road in Premium Grade.

Soft, full-grain leather upper with raised embroidered I3 logo provides comfort and support, molded EVA sockliner and molded midsole add cushioning, rubber outsole with herringbone pattern offers traction and durability.

This entry-level Zephz Shortstop is a great entry-level baseball cleat for kids. It features a lightweight zephtex upper with color trimz so you can customize your cleat.

Warm their little hearts and toes in this pretty, soft-soled bootie with cuddly linings. Now with extra shaping and support, this slip-on also features a textured suede sole which is highly recommended by medical experts, and it's washable by hand or machine. Made from soft, durable, quality leather, it's the perfect way to care for your little one's feet.	Robeez Soft Sole Classic Bootie - PinkElasticized ankle design ensures they stay on. Ultra-soft, flexible leathers bend in all directions to allow tiny toes to grip and gain muscle.

The Premium sneaker from Skechers has all the protection that you need in an easy style that you want. Its padded insole, heel collar, and tongue will comfort your foot and keep you stabilized when you're all laced up and ready to work out or go for a run. The treaded sole will keep you sturdy and in control while its subtle glints of color show off your simple style.	Sprint across new terrain in the sharp Premium joggers. Primed for daily impact or urban streets, they're built for comfort to fit your needs. Upper is smooth leather for full flexibility in motion. Padded tongue and ankle collar add essential comfort points expected in a sport shoe. Loaded with style and all-around versatility.

After over a decade of endeavoring to become the ultimate name in sexy shoes, PLEASER is today synonymous with premium sexy and exotic footwear; and it has become a standard which all others are judged by.

Itasca Seary Moccasins for women. Slip-on comfort

Step into the future in style with the Puma Future Cat. This fashion-forward casual shoe adds new hype to your everyday look. Its sleek, futuristic design combined with functional features make this Cat perfect for the street. Soft pig suede and full-grain leather upper lend comfort and soft feel. Asymmetric lacing, split heel and new last construction provide a secure fit. Non-slippery rubber outsole offers great traction.

Chooka boots and slippers are the new old favorites that you will reach for time and again. Function, fashion and comfort all meet right on your feet with every pair of Chooka boots.	JUST IN

Quilted nylon upper. Tire-thread outsole.

Adidas Superstar 2G basketball shoe defines excellence performance and style on and off the basketball court. Take a step forward with the support of high traction outsole and exceptional midfoot construction.                Front full lace up               Full-grain leather upper              Molded EVA insole for perfect comfort and wear              TORSION(R) system bar for midfoot arch protection              High traction pattern for additional grip and ease

Clarks' Tracker Oxford is an all-season comfort shoe with a rugged attitude. The moccasin construction wraps the foot in leather for flexibility, while the polyurethane midsole absorbs shock, and the rubber outsole ensures traction. Available in narrow, medium, and wide widths. About Clarks' Casual Collection From hip to traditional, Clarks offers a diverse collection of casual styles designed to appeal to an equally diverse range of consumers. Suited for your active lifestyle, this collection features handcrafted quality, long-lasting durability, and unmatched comfort. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives. women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	Clarks knows what real men want, and real men want comfortable shoes like the all season Clarks Tracker. The moccasin construction of this men's shoe wraps the foot in a top quality leather upper for gentle support and flexibility. This Clarks shoe features a nature-formed last that enhances the natural walking motion and promotes foot health. Versatile, fashion forward and comfortable, the Clarks Tracker has got it all!

If quick directional changes are a defining part of your game, the Lyte Speed GCS from Adidas is your shoe. It features a Speed Ground Control system that adapts to the playing surface to give you exceptional control and agility during high speed maneuvering. Breathable mesh uppers are featured on a durable non-marking outsole. This shoe features a molded EVA insole for anatomical fit and comfort, adiPRENE+ in the forefoot for propulsion, and a Torsion System bar for midfoot arch protection. A CMEVA midsole delivers additional lightweight cushioning.	'Lyte Speed GCS' by adidas. Ground Control System distinguishes vertical from horizontal cushioning for more stability, increased motion control, and significantly reduced stress on knees and ankles. adidas-patented Torsion System design provides stable midfoot structure Formfitting foam insole for extra support and comfort. Padded tongue and collar for better fit and comfier feel. Non-marking rubber outsole is supportive and damage resistant. High-traction tread pattern specially designed for great grip on the court.

Ain't no mountain high enough for some women. And for them, Sidi made this shoe. Specifically proportioned for a woman's foot, with ultra-tough Lorica for the harshest conditions. Competition Sole. Soft Arch Compression Strap. Ultra SL Buckle. High Security VELCRO Straps. Padded Tongue w/ fit relievers. Molded Plastic Heel Cup. Toe Spike Compatible.

Stay on your feet longer in the Men's Wolverine Steel-Toe EH Slip Resistant Work Boots (6 in.). The hardy outsoles and tough full grain leather uppers hold up to the harsh work environments. The classic Goodyear welt construction offers flexibility without compromising durability.

A high mileage trainer for the moderate to severe overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper for lightweight comfort and support. C-Cap compression-molded EVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot, graphite Rollbar for rearfoot stability, TPU medial post, solid rubber outsole. Wt. 12.6 oz.

Garment leather upper, cushioned insole, non-marking gum rubber outsole.

Designed for the runner who needs mild pronation control. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support, dul-density compression-molded EVA C-Cap midsole with Abzorb in the heel, solid rubber outsole for long-wearing durability. Wt. 13.1 oz.

The body of a stylish casual shoe, the soul of a serious work boot. Chippewa Moc-toe Oxfords, ON SALE! These Casuals aren't simply comfortable... they're work-boot comfortable. We're talking rugged, indestructible comfort designed to last day-in and day-out through plenty of use. Shock-absorbing, moisture-wicking comfort that's great for business casual work, meeting with customers or just laying around at home. You won't be disappointed. Chippewa quality

The North Face launched their line of trekking and trail-running shoes to address the head-to-toe needs of those always striving for the next horizon. They are deeply proud to be the first choice of the world's most accomplished climbers, mountaineers, extreme skiers, snowboarders, endurance runners, and explorers. The North Face maintains an unwavering commitment to pushing the limits of design, so that you can push your limits outdoors. Never stop exploring.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

John and his longtime friend and ex-partner, Peter Fox, go waaaaay back. Before they founded Fox & Fluevog in 1970, they worked at Sheppard's, a venerable Vancouver shoe emporium, albeit a tad on the conventional side. As you can imagine, John and Peter felt a wee bit constrained, selling brogues all day to businessmen in suits and servicing only the occasional hipster. Then one day the miraculous happened, and it was followed by the inevitable

For totally unfussy style and easy stepping, slip into Reef's Ginger sandal. Its simple design features a soft polyester strap on a thick, arch-supportive, triple-density EVA sole--you'll want a pair in every color.	The Reef Ginger Women's Sandals.

The entry-level Puma Esito III Pro IT indoor soccer shoe sets out to bring players success, independent of age or position. Soft yet highly resistant PU upper. Soft ankle lining, off-centered lacing and unique fold-over tongue construction. Rubber non-marking indoor outsole. Suitable for use on indoor surfaces.

Polo Ralph Lauren children's footwear has all the fashion, fit and redefined classic American styles that you have come to expect from this brand. Polo Ralph Lauren footwear is designed with exquisite materials and meticulous detail. Styles range from classic, vintage and preppy slip-ons and boat shoes to athletic-inspired sneakers and casual wear. Whether it is a day at the park or a night on the boat, your child will embrace his or her style with Polo kids' shoes.	Refine the young one's look with nautical appeal in the Sander EZ shoes by Ralph Lauren. These shoes feature a canvas upper with contrast stitch detail, nautical lacing, and a logo-embroidered velcro strap across the instep for easy on/off and a custom fit. Textile lining and a comfortable insole provide all day cushioning, while the synthetic outsole offers traction, flexibility, and lasting wear.

Now even the tiniest fans can show support for the San Diego Chargers all the way down to their toes!  *Set features 2 pairs of booties with embroidered team logos  Our standard return policy applies for this item.

Kangaroo leather upper with reconfigured Predator islands, asymmetrical lacing, foldover leather tongue with elastic band fixture, external heel counter. Two-part TPU outsole plate with exchangeable magnesium Traxion studs. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Perfect for the beach, the street and everywhere in between. The Quiksilver Kingston sandal features a synthetic Nubuck upper with soft, woven polyester lining for comfort. Rubber outsole is strong and durable.

3 inch Heel Marabou Slipper Women's Size Shoe With Clear Heel.

Leather and nubuck uppers100% waterproof via Gore-tex?Textile liningShock absorbing midsoleHardwearing, light & flexible

With its wide-style construction and quick and easy Velcro closure, this cute  leather sneaker from Reebok makes for one less hassle during the morning rush. The soft  leather and mesh upper offer both support and breathability, while the shock absorbent  sole provides protection for growing feet. And the wide choice of fun collars along with  the familiar yellow Play-Doh logo on sock-liner are sure selling points for even the  fussiest of two year olds!	The Reebok Play-Doh is a retro-inspired favorite created in a new way. Soft leather and mesh upper with contrasting color design. Hook and loop closure. EVA midsole, versatile tread on outsole.

Take a walk in complete style and comfort in this lightweight walking shoe. Durable, full-grain leather upper with removable polyurethane sockliner for ultimate comfort and support. Midfoot Transition Bridge provides support with a beveled heel design that enhances the walking stride. Opti-Flex Zone improves forefoot flexibility.

The adidas Malvado offers the comfort of an on-court tennis shoe combined with a street-inspired look. These supple leather shoes are lightweight and comfortable and now feature the legendary adidas 3-Stripes. A full-grain, casual leather upper offers comfort and a soft feel. Injected EVA midsole provides long-term cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole is strong and durable.

Take a few steps back in time in the New Balance 574. Originally a performance running shoe, this sporty casual shoe combines vintage styling with a plush suede and mesh upper for natural comfort, breathability and classic style. Encap midsole combines with a C-Cap core for cushioning and stability. Solid rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

fiestey red leather 60

Latico's casual, down-to-earth styles reflect the company founder's attitude -- mellow basics with laid-back comfort. Beautiful bags in high quality leather and vibrant seasonal colors are the hallmarks of the brand. Attention to details such as unique artisan linings, unexpected leather treatments, and extensive interior organization have become Latico signature features that turn heads from coast to coast. See why Latico remains a boutique favorite.	Metallic crackled cow. Lightweight, Crushable, Classics.

This celebrity favorite can now be yours!  This knee high boot sits on a sexy imitation stacked heel platform.  The perfect way to add some height and to give some sexiness to your outfits!  Be the first to wear these hot boots!

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive frog design is embroidered onto soft and durable powder pink canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Burgundy design on powder pink canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

The Marauder 10" Leather and Cordura Nylon Boots by Corcoran with puncture resistant steel bottom plate to help you stomp through the toughest terrain! For years, Corcoran has been making footwear for the bravest folks working in the toughest conditions... from paratroopers landing behind enemy lines in WWII to the combat boots laced up by soldiers in Iraq. And whether it be tactical or time clock, you'll find that very few boots hold up quite like Corcoran's leather and Cordura nylon Maurauder Boots. Their removable DRYZ insole controls moisture and odor, while providing shock absorbing cushion. It's combined with the Cambrelle abrasion-resistant fabric lining that wicks away moisture and a special ribbed steel paratrooper shank for comfort and support so you can soldier on safely and comfortably! Attention! Tough footwear ready for action

Double Zippered Checkbook Cover and Wallet by Classic Leather. This finely constructed wallet is made of soft full grain cowhide leather with two sections, both have metal, color matching zippered closures. This functional item works well for a man or woman. One section has eight credit card slots, an ID window, two currency or receipt compartments, a removable checkbook cover, and a plastic insert that holds six cards or pictures (does not have plastic piece for duplicate checks). Works well with both regular and side entry type checks. The other section has a zippered compartment the inside that measures 5 inches across that will hold change, spare keys, etc. In addition, it has four compartments for currency or receipts. Lastly, it has an additional on the back outside for papers or receipts. It measures when close about 7.5 inches across and 4 inches high. For a larger view of this item, please click on the pictures. Available in Black, Antique Brown, Tan or Dark Brown. Great item at an outstanding price!

Founded in 1885 as a dress shoe manufacturer, today Bates Footwear is dedicated to the development and manufacturing of uniform footwear for all branches of the military and civilian police forces. In 2003, the company joined the billion-dollar footwear giant, Wolverine Worldwide, Inc. and is headquartered in Rockford, Michigan. Wolverine Worldwide, Inc. is one of the worlds leading marketers of branded casual, active lifestyle, work, outdoor sport and uniform footwear. The companys portfolio of highly recognized brands includes

Sun Tote Collection offers a fun and practical way to carry your "must-have" items. Great designs of Surfers, Flip Flops, Urban Stripe, Beach Balls, Little Fishy, and Sea Turtles make these totes a necessity. Matching products are also available through AllThingsNautical items.

****White/Navy will not be available to ship until 3/11/05.**** Ankle strap closure and TPU heel clip adds support and stability. The Pump technology provides comfort and custom fit. Sculpted EVA midsole brings lightweight cushioning. High-abrasion herringbone outsole delivers traction. Wt. 16.2 oz.

A supportive technical trail shoe. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers maximum shock absorption, Stability Web adds midfoot support and torsional stability while reducing weight, medial EVA post for pronation control. Weight 13.3 oz.

3 inch Heel Mary Jane Women's Size Shoe With Glitter.

Theyre on the go and into their own style, and the K-Swiss Classic tennis shoe suits them perfectly. Non-fussy detailing, including a leather upper with subtle toned stitching, delivers understated style, and its lightweight, so theyll be looking and feeling great all day long.	K Swiss Classic Retro Shoes

Leather upper, DuoMax Medial Post, Trusstic System, GEL cushioning, rearfoot EVA insert and solid rubber outsole.

Beapaw's Mika Mukluk boot is made of goat fur & calfskin with a band of pheasant feathers & leather ties.  Your paws will look great in these Bearpaw boots!

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, searches the world to work directly with the finest artisan designers. Woven into a pattern of ochre stars, sugar palm leaves are transformed into a stylish handbag. Thanradee presents an original Thai design, lacquered for shine. Topped with hemp and lined in a silk-cotton blend, the purse features an inner pocket, rattan handles, and a rain tree wood bead on the drawstring closure. Artisan Info

205100BLG11 Features

Rugged, yet still classic and refined, the Cutter from Sperry Kids goes with all kinds of casual and dressy styles. Great for schooldays year round, this lace-up boat shoe features genuine handsewn moc construction and rustproof eyelets with fully functional, rawhide laces for an adjustable, secure fit. The padded collar and tongue offer extra comfort and support, while the siped outsole helps prevent slipping.	Genuine handsewn tru-moc construction. Leather upper. Rustproof eyelets with fully functional rawhide laces for an adjustable, secure fit. Padded collar and tongue for comfort and support. Rugged, yet classic siped outsole.

2 Inch Platform Creeper Men's Size Shoe With Skull and Crossbones.

Show off your collegiate spirit with these clogs from Hush Puppies! Comes in team color and interlocking team logo on front toe. Available in men's and women's sizes. Men's - 8-13; Women's 6-11. Please note that clogs are unisex. For your ordering convenience we have listed both men's and women's sizes, but if ordering a women's size you will receive the comparable men's size.  Relax, this item can be returned until January 25th of 2007 under our Extended Holiday Return Policy. Our standard return guidelines apply. All returns are subject to a restocking fee of $3.00.  This item cannot be shipped outside of the U.S. or to P.O. Boxes or APO or FPO addresses.For delivery by Friday, Dec. 22nd, place your order by

Real western looks, REALLY LOW PRICE! Why spend your entire pay check on boots? Laredo gives you all the western looks in a low-priced package you can pull-on without getting a case of sticker shock. Mosey over and take a closer look

A great-looking Reebok casual shoe with sleek sport styling. Perforated leather and suede-accented upper with padded collar offers comfort and breathability. Polyurethane midsole and outsole with herringbone tread provides excellent traction.

Classic New-England style, sure footed, practical sole. Looks aren't anything if you don't have traction. That's why the Sebago updated the classic New England moc front style and added their exclusive Turnbuckle outsole. Have a look

If he wants a cool, rugged style that even his dad would sport, then he'll love Polo Ralph Lauren's Holden. It offers flawless, prep-cool style in a rich fabrication with a slip-resistant outsole that will keep him stable as he plays all day.	Holden Boot

Made for fit, for comfort, for you. The adidas Gigamotion cross training shoe features a full-length a3 midsole for long-lasting luxury. A speed lacing system and seamless upper add great fit and lightweight comfort. GeoFit frame construction provides unsurpassed heel fit and support. a3 structure cartridge delivers optimal propulsion and cushioning. Non-marking, rubber herringbone outsole gives optimum traction. Wt. 14.8 oz.

Allen Edmonds more than 80 years of quality shoe-making know-how are on full display in the Clifton Cap Toe Oxford. This handsome lace-up shoe features a full leather lining and welt construction for superior support. The Clifton is especially comfortable for those with high insteps or wide feet.	Four eyelet balmoral cap-toe. Pinked tip foxing. Full leather linings. Single oak leather sole and custom heel.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The STEVE MADDEN Lillyy shoes feature a textile upper with an open toe. The leather outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Everything that goes into the Mobilite Non-Steel boot from Rocky is dedicated to your comfort and protection. The waterproof upper means you can get into the muck and mess of things, while an oil and slip-resistant outsole is at once lightweight and super tough. Youll especially appreciate the generously padded insole and extra wide toebox. Cinch this work boot to a personal fit with a wide and long lacing panel.	This Mobilite work boot is everything you have come to expect from the Rocky Boots brand. Don

For outdoor adventures or just expeditions around town, Chaco has you set with the Z/2 Unaweep sandal. This sporty, vegan-friendly offering with a lightweight synthetic upper promises a secure fit thanks to an adjustable ankle strap. Chaco's LUVSEAT technology and a contoured footbed keep you comfy all day long, while a Vibram outsole promises good grip wherever your expeditions take you in Chaco.	Take a poll of river guides and you will find that Chaco's performance line of sandals is considered the gold standard for rough, amphibious use. The Chaco Z/2 women's sandal is one of those models, and thanks to its toe strap feature is perhaps the most performance-oriented model of the line. The pull-through strap feature allows for tightening down on the big toe or any other portion of the foot as loosely or as firmly as possible, providing increased forefoot precision in ever-changing terrain. Whether it's time to go back in the water or hike a few miles with wet straps, the Chaco Z/2 sandal's soft polyester webbing dries faster than nylon and maintains a consistent fit in all conditions. But perhaps the best features are what lie underfoot. First, a BioCentric footbed contour supports the foot for a healthy stride. Long a passion of the designers at Chaco, this footbed platform carries the seal of approval from the American Podiatric Medical Association. And for unmatched all-terrain traction and durability, a Vibram Unaweep outsole on the Chaco Z/2 sandal grips anything from rounded river rocks to crushed pumice.

Easy Spirit is all about the luxury of being comfortable. This brand works with a "live to the fullest" mantra and delivers footwear with advanced technology, updated classic styling and beautiful materials that are perfect for work, weekend or work-out.

5 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With 7 Interchangeable Ribbons.

Durability and a bit of flash for an all-day, work-to-play schedule! These Boots are yours for a no-horseplay price! Style AND practicality, in one great Boot. (Two, actually, since this is a pair we're talking about!) In this 13" Boot, subtle tones of gold, tan, and brown blend in the foot. Decorative western stitching accents the winter white shaft.The double-wedge work sole is oil-resistant. Comfortable and great-looking, these kicks are the ones you'll reach for again and again, on the job or off. Have a closer look

Make peace with functional style in the C1RCA Peacemaker. This performance skate shoe features a plush suede upper with a custom Peacemaker logo package that includes polished metal brass knuckles on the outer heel. Reinforced upper materials and mesh lasting adds durability while offering maximum flexibility. C1 reflex gel heel cushion absorbs shock on impact. Fusion Grip rubber outsole features a custom C1RCA tread pattern for enhanced grip and board control. Medial air vent and soft, breathable fabric lining promote comfort. Elastic tongue straps keep the tongue in place while adding stability. Additional details include

Crocs Islander Unisex Footwear

Job No. 1

The IBeam slide from Easy Spirit has the casual, classic look you're going for, on one of the most comfortable soles going. The leather-covered platform has soft leather straps which are scored in rows for a subtle little decorative touch, and the leather and fabric footbed is padded, with extra padding in the heel, to cushion your every step.	Easy Spirit is all about the luxury of being comfortable. This brand works with a "live to the fullest" mantra and delivers footwear with advanced technology, updated classic styling and beautiful materials that are perfect for work, weekend or work-out.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Step into a healthier walking environment with Clarks Men's Air Movers Oxford Shoes Experience European style with universal comfort. The foundation of this versatile shoe is Active Air technology, a shock-absorbing system that takes the pressure off every step. This casual walker also features flexible cornerstitch construction that centers the cushioning throughout the footbed for all-day, all-over comfort. Lace-up style with a padded tongue and collar help prevent irritation, while the leather upper is breathable and won't bind your foot. Polyurethane outsole reduces foot and body stress while providing lightweight stability...

These men's tuxedo shoes from Touch Ups combine modern style with classic features and comfort. Shined leather uppers in a fashion oxford style with a squared toe style and subtle stitch detailing. Three eyelet lace up front, fully lined, and a thick rubber dress sole.

Rock the classic, cozy look of the women's UGG Classic Tall Boot. This timeless boot will wrap your feet in high quality, unbeatable furry warmth and comfort, as well as a style is never dated. Mix up your look by wearing it tall over jeans or tights, or cuff it to show off some furry flair. Either way, your feet will be toasty warm inside Twinface sheepskin and a genuine sheepskin sock, with cushy foam underfoot for added support, insulation and comfort. A suede heel guard and nylon binding provide added durability, while a flexible molded EVA outsole delivers protection and traction without adding clunky weight.

Start your morning right with these oversized soft padded golf shoes for that "morning round".  These comfortable slippers feature skid proof "cleats" and embroidered kilty.

Enrich every step in the Naot Jessica. This women's thong sandal features a leather upper that has a forefoot wrap that creates a unique thong shape. A soft, suede footbed invites toes to stream in at their leisure. An adjustable leather strap surrounds the foot with a fun silhouette, fitting for casual endeavors. This Naot sandal also has a rubber outsole. Slip into comfort and style with the Naot Jessica.

For the elite athlete who wants a super lightweight, extremely flexible shoe with support in the necessary places. Super light, soft and breathable mesh supported by injection molded side support stripes, padded tongue, wrap-a-round rubber on medial toe cap, and elasticized lace cover system. Special sockliner for moisture management and comfort. Die-cut EVA midsole. Non-marking rubber outsole.

This electric shoe-care appliance eliminates the need for visiting a  shoeshine stand in order to be spiffily shod while traveling. Operating on three  AAA batteries (not included), it comes in a heavy-nylon travel case with a  Velcro closure that measures just 8 by 7-1/2 inches for compact storage in  luggage. (The case fits into a drawer for home use, also.) Three brushes are  included

If "Smokey and the Bandit" would've been a baseball movie, the adidas Speed Trap LT men's baseball cleats are the shoes that Burt Reynolds would've worn. We can't really come up with a premise as to how you could call a baseball movie "Smokey and the Bandit," so we'll just drop it for now. The point is the speed trap reference... get it?  Aw, c'mon; no groans, ok? If you think of the defense as your personal baseball police, trying to keep you pinned down with a short lead off, then the adidas Speed Trap LT men's baseball cleats are your own personal '77 Trans Am. Okay; now we'll drop it.The adidas Speed Trap LT men's baseball cleats are built for top fuel performance, with a tough and comfortable synthetic leather upper that is perforated to keep your foot cool for an intense nine innings. The C4S cleat set up will maximize your dig and keep you as agile as a monkey without those pesky fleas. Step your game up to the next level, or get left in the dust. With the adidas Speed Trap LT men's baseball cleats, you don't even need the cool mustache. Oh; sorry.

The unisex Kiro Ox athletic inspired shoes from Converse feature a leather upper for a great look. The key features are

Find your luck in these classic penny loafers from Allen Edmonds. The Hanover features a smooth calf leather upper in a dress slip-on in the classic penny loafer style. With a 3/4-inch capped dress heel and a sophisticated square toe, the classic loafer is taken to a whole new level. These shoes pair well with dress slacks or khakis.	The classic loafer is taken to a new level with a sophisticated square toe. Pairs well with dress slacks or khakis. Features superb styling and unmatched craftsmanship that give a level of sophistication and quality that is unsurpassed. Handcrafted using a multi-step process that ensure durability, comfort and fit. Has a single oak leather sole.

Waterproof Guide Gear Sentinel 2000 Boots are among the few to boast 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation! BIG BUCKS OFF! Super comfortable, super tough, ultra warm and totally waterproof you get it all for a price that's far less than similar big-name Boots! Sound good? Features new Guide Dry membrane "sock" construction that thwarts water while allowing your feet to "breathe." 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation warmth, plus all this

Features Custom Ride Management (CRM) , a system with two distinct variations of stability ro meet the needs of a wide range of runners who have varying degrees of pronation. Air mesh upper with reflective material. Responsive EVA midsole with firm, midfoot support bridge, rearfoot Grid(TM) System, forefoot HRC, E.A.S. System. XT-600(TM) blown carbon rubber outsole with forefoot flex grooves and XT-900(TM) carbon rubber heel. Moderate Stability

Rothco Canvas Vintage " Pistol Belt" Shoulder Bag is a stylish bag for going out and practical for everyday. Has pockets for storage and is made of canvas for durability. Specifications

Learn to tap dance at home with this Bella tap along studio set. The adjustable pink shoes, featuring real steel taps, slip over your sneakers and allow you to dance along with the "Tap is a Snap!" 30-min. VHS tape. Shoes are one-size-fits-most. Ages 3 years and up. Imported.

The Reebok ATR On Fire basketball shoe features a leather and synthetic upper. The mid-cut design gives added stability and support. A TPU heel clip adds rearfoot support and stability. An EVA midsole provides shock absorption, while DMX foam offers cushioning. Herringbone traction outsole. Wt. 16.6 oz.

The Rocky Western 2722 features full-grain leather, unlined, with a standard round toe and welt construction. Rocky Western's Original Ride footbed features a unique two-part, high-cushioned system enhances shock absorption, flexibility and comfort.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	Stylish Florsheim Mansfield Moc-toe Shoes, HALF OFF! Head-turners! These beauties are as comfortable as they look. Famous Florsheim went all out, using only the finest materials money can buy. Gorgeous. In-step. Feelin' good. Especially at a can't-be-beat low discount price. You save 50% due to a discontinued style. Wow, that's $40.00 off! Details

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 2 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, lightly tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The four-eyelet lacings add adjustable fit.	For a boost of extreme comfort, slip into the Propet Pedwalker 2 women's lace-up shoe. This women's casual shoe has a supple full-grain leather and stretchable neoprene upper in blucher style. A rigid heel counter with double removable footbed offers flexible orthotic adoption. Speed lacing closure system with padded collar and tongue guarantees a perfect fit in no time. A shank-reinforced PU unitsole provides cushion, traction and durable wear. The medicare approved, A5500 coded Propet Pedwalker 2 is nice choice for you.

Sure the ruby slippers were fabulous, but we think Judy would have been a lot more comfortable in these. Slip into these gorgeous open-toe slides and you'll enjoy the best of both worlds

The Ultra Long Steel Shoe Horns are beautifully crafted, and are manufactured in Europe. Shoe Horns prolong the life of your shoes by preventing the backs of your shoes from being crushed. At 31", the ultra long design makes it easy to use from a standing or sitting position. Made from premium steel, these Shoe Horns are extremely durable and long-lasting. Easily stored, the Shoe Horn has a hole near the top, as well as a curved handle. The Ultra Long Steel Shoe Horns are available in three varieties

Propet Ravine Walkers! In wide sizes! Ravine Walkers will take you over the river and through the woods in comfortable slip-on style

Waterproof LaCrosse 12" Tracktion Fleece-lined Stud Outsole Boots. Your Tracktion "Overshoe" Boots perform on both hard and soft surfaces. The outsole has carbide-tipped studs that extend from the rubber lugs to securely grip snow and ice. The studs retract back into the lug outsole when on hard surfaces they don't penetrate... but the rubber lugs are still doing their job. They remain flexible in temperatures as low as -60 degree F. In addition, the Tracktion sole also provides protection from salt, oils, creosote and diesel fuels, making it popular with utility and railroad workers. Without a doubt, Tracktion stands alone in the world of industrial footwear. You'll see why

Ankle strap closure and TPU heel clip adds support and stability. The Pump technology provides comfort and custom fit. Sculpted EVA midsole brings lightweight cushioning. High-abrasion herringbone outsole delivers traction.

That's right! The Rock Solid loafer from Kenneth Cole Reaction will be a trusty addition to your footwear wardrobe. The leather slip-on style has a moccasin-stitched top panel and a tumbled leather collar, but the best is yet to come

The 8 Track sneaker from C1RCA has all of the style you want combined with the comfort you need. The upper features a mid-high cut for better ankle support, while the collar and tongue are padded for superior comfort. The herringbone-textured rubber outsole is grippy and durable, so you're good for the long run.	Pump the jams in the 8 track skate sneaker by C1rca.Leather and textile upper in a mid-high technical skate sneaker style with a round toeReinforced layering and logo detailLace-up front with padded collar, tongue and elastic keeper strapsLatex heel and arch cushioningTextile lining, cushioning insoleVulcanized rubber midsoleRubber traction FusionGrip(R) outsole

Hit the gym in style with the Original fitness sneaker from FILA. With a durable leather upper, this cross trainer is designed for excellence with a perforated upper for greater air flow to keep the foot cool and dry. A lace up front delivers the perfect fit, while the grippy manmade sole takes your workout to the next level.	Soft leather/synthetic upper. Embroidered logos. FILA flag branding on quarter. Die-cut EVA midsole. Full length solid rubber outsole with midfoot cutouts and traction. Leather.

KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.	The classic satchel gets an update with a crown print on jacquard and stylish logo hardware.

The Reebok Flip Sandal is great to wear to the game or when just hanging out. Its lightweight design features a molded EVA footbed and synthetic band with applied team logo.

Enjoy an active lifestyle and keep it stylish with this walking shoe from Aetrex. The handsome leather upper features crisp details for a relaxed, sport look. The supportive ankle and cushioned sole make for a smooth, easy stride, freeing you up to move about with ease.	The word Aetrex is a derivation of Ae-Treks, meaning One Journey. Your own journey is unique, filled with activities and challenges that ultimately determine how you live your life. The Aetrex mission is to bring to market footwear and footcare products that enable you to live life your way pursuing your favorite activities, avoiding unnecessary setbacks and overcoming challenges whenever possible.

Explorer Oxfords by Dickies! Foot pampering. Just the footwear you need for miles of wear. Long-lasting, full-grain leather uppers; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Cushioning insole; Oil-resistant, blown-rubber outsole for grip; Approx. 4 1/2"h. Approx. 18 ozs.; State Width

Great looks, big comfort, SUPER PRICE! Why spend a fortune on your casual hikers? Hi-Tec Nova Lite IIs incorporate many of the same features in Hi-Tec's famous high-end boots so you stay comfortable no matter how much ground you cover in a day. Thirty-one years of quality and know-how in every hiker... plus a women's-specific last that guarantees a great fit. Check 'em out

This style from Minnetonka features all the classic elements of a great moccasin, perfect for warm-weather leisure. And the fact that it's crafted from genuine moosehide makes it supremely soft and supple.	Men's Minntonka Moccasin Moosehide Mocs... tough as a bull moose, soft as kid leather! We're talking comfort AND durability! Minnetonka Mocs use genuine, tough-as-nails moose hide to craft the uppers on these mocs. But moose hide is also incredibly supple so your toes feel nothing but flexible comfort. More

Around the pool or hanging out with friends, the Reebok Kobo III slide makes the perfect gear for your feet. IMEVA upper and midsole, lugged outsole, sculpted footbed and Hydropass portals for water drainage.

This timeless shoe has gone virtually unchanged since the 1930's, but in this case change is good.  Reinvented with a  inch thick comfort insole, lightly padded tongue and upper sockliner.  Nicer laces with metal eyelets, along with a redesigned outsole for added comfort.  Softer fabric lines the shoe in pleasing colors.  And of course, the Distinctive SmileTM continues to gleam bright.

Take a few steps back in time with this sporty New Balance shoe. Suede or leather upper with mesh provides comfort and durability with a classic look. A well-cushioned Encap midsole offers stability and shock reduction. Traction rubber outsole.

Mother Nature didn't prepare your feet for the kind of punishment dealt out game after game. All those jumps and landings, stops and starts, pivots and etc. on those hardwood floorboards can really wear out your feet. Fortunately for those tortured tootsies of yours, the adidas A3 Pro Team 06 women's basketball shoe is designed to enhance your feet with comfort and support; the kind of features nature never provided for this brutal sport.The area-specific, patented cushioning throughout the sole of the adidas A3 Pro Team 06 will keep you comfier than you have any right to be while you haul those poor feet up and down the court. The sturdy upper and mid-high design will support and protect your ankles from the sort of damage you're practically begging for with all that jumping around.If nature had its way, you'd probably never subject your feet to the kind of strain even pick-up games can involve, but you're probably not going to let that stop you. At least give your poor, overworked feet the support nature couldn't invent with the adidas A3 Pro Team 06 women's basketball shoes.

Work up a good sweat with the men's adiStar Control 4 running shoe from adidas. This high tech shoe has a breathable mesh upper with a 360-degree reflectivity, a padded collar and tongue, and a full lace up closure. The technology that will assist in beating your record includes, a Ground Control System that will adapt to the landing surface to slow the foot's rate of pronation, a Molded OrthoLite antimicrobial moisture-wicking sockliner, and a QuickStrike outsole that decreases weight and increases flexibility and durability. We know you can make that four minute mile!	Sure, the adidas Adistar Control 4 running shoes have that sleek running shoe design that will make even the laziest feet look fast, and their comfy, lightweight cushioning and state-of-the-art structure will keep your feet cozy and properly shaped; something they'll appreciate no matter how slowly they're moving.The adidas Adistar Control 4's patented design help you keep proper form and increase your energy efficiency by smoothing the transition between heelstrike and forefoot push, and a special medial insert minimizes muscle fatigue by decreasing over-pronation, something you'll probably have to run to fully appreciate. Sure, the Adistar Control 4s will make your feet look and feel great regardless of their velocity, but wearing these shoes with their high-tech running-specific features to the mall is like playing solitaire on one of NASA's supercomputers. It's kind of a waste.

Perfect for cold winter nights, the Moc slipper from Staheekum will keep your feet warm and cozy no matter how brisk the weather. Lined with genuine sheepskin with natural suede on the outside, this moccasin features a decorative tie and a flexible non-slip rubber outsole for wear both inside and outside.	Genuine Sheepskin lined moccasin with natural suede on the outside. The sheepskin moc comes with a decorative tie and flexible non-slip rubber sole for wear both inside and outside.

The ASICS GEL-Cumulus VI is a cushioned running shoe designed for the neutral to underpronating runner who desires shock attenuation, flexibility and an open toe box. SpEVA 45 last helps increase rearfoot cushioning and long-lasting comfort. Rearfoot and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems offer maximum shock attenuation at initial impact and propulsion phase. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot and shores the midfoot. Wt. 12.0 oz.

Express your fashion sensibility with the Birkenstock Gizeh Birko-FlorTM sandal. The synthetic upper of this women's casual sandal is crafted in a carefree thong. Cork and latex assure shock-absorbing abilities; the cushioning, punched EVA sole can be replaced. The contoured footbed of the Birkenstock Gizeh Birko-FlorTM sandal creates a natural walking motion for your leisurely ventures.

The Under Armour Metal Speed MC football shoe features a performance mesh upper with synthetic overlays provides lightweight performance and unmatched breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wicks moisture keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Direct injected molded external heel counter for outstanding fit and heel hold. Full-length glass fiber reinforced nylon shank offers lightweight midfoot support and rigidity. UA Performance insole with Gel Grid cushioning system in heel for maximum shock absorption and Poron Prozorb forefoot insert for cushioning and moisture management. Dual Plate Technology - TPU heel and Pebax forefoot. With DPT the shoe is lighter, more flexible and offers better overall comfort and performance. Molded TPU cleats in Perimeter pattern with two additional center cleats provide maximum traction and minimizes cleat pressure. Progressive Traction cleat shape offers outstanding ground penetration and push-off while maintaining rotational capability. Wt. 12.8 oz.

adidas' Calissage sport slides for men are the perfect after-sport treat for your hard working feet. Featuring a hook-and-loop closure across the vamps, clear TPR foot-beds with a massaging effect and lightweight EVA injected out-soles, these comfortable slides are just what your hard-working feet deserve.	The Calissage men's after-sport slide from adidas features a clear TPR footbed that offers a massaging effect. The EVA outsole delivers lightweight cushioning, while the hook-and-loop closure system provides adjustability for additional comfort.

A clean, sporty slide that cuts out the frills and goes straight for the aah! An adjustable strap gives you quick-fit comfort and the full-length massage footbed makes your feet feel great.	Adidas Womens Training Shoes

Ladies' New Balance 550 Shoes... SAVE BIG! Comfortable, good-looking and a great price when you buy through me! More

Endorsed by pro skater Tony Trujillo, The Vans TNT is a high-performing skate shoe with rockstar attitude. The Vans TNT II blends classic Vans' styling with an upgraded footbed system for comfort and style. Add fine art graphics from Chris Lindig and the result is an instant classic. Suede and Nubuck upper provides sleek, comfy, supportive style. Waffle grip rubber outsole provides increased traction and board control. Performance PU and gel footbed offers double the cushioning. Padded tongue and collar offer superior fit, comfort and protection.

Josef Seibel was founded in Germany in 1886 by Karl-August Seibel. Specializing in premium handsewn products that promote flexibility and comfort, Josef Seibel shoes use only the best premium full-grain leathers, Air Massage and Air Ped insoles and a flexible polyeurethane outsole. Their unique construction is known world-wide.	Josef Seibel Paige

berlin brown leather 85

Both laid back and glamorous, the Rhonda thong from Two Lips sparkles and shines with every step. The glittery bands add spice to any summer outfit, and the low-to-the-ground design keeps you light on your feet all day long. Easy to slip on and off, the Rhonda keeps you stepping pretty whether you're poolside or shopping on the town.	For stylish casual footwear that just screams style, Two Lips is the brand. Boasting a variety of playful styles from sandals to mary janes, Two Lips shoes help you get into the spirit of the season. With Two Lips footwear, stylish comfort is just a step away.

Lose an extra pound this winter with Keen's Dakota Boot. Comfort rated to -25F, the Dakota Boot features a patented waterproof technology that guarantees no water penetration while allowing moderate breathable comfort. This means that you enjoy a little more agility with fewer ounces locked in around your ankles. Unless you're opening a coffee shop in Antarctica, it's probably safe to assume that the -25F comfort rated Primaloft insulation is ideal for most winter urban settings, although you may need to find a -40F boot if you're faced with harsh survival situations. What you give up in those extra -15F comfort-rated degrees you gain in agility through snow, mud and deep puddles.

Step into the Stacy Adams Ames slip-on to complete your tailored look. Made with a kid leather and lizard print upper, this stylish addition to your shoe collection will make you want to flaunt your look day or night. Has a square toe, dual-elastic goring for easy slip-on/off, synthetic lining and a leather sole.

Western Chief was founded in Seattle in 1891 to produce rugged outdoor boots designed to meet the harsh conditions of the Alaska Gold Rush. Today, they are still committed to making the same high quality, rugged work footwear. Built with the finest materials to demanding standards, their footwear keeps people warm and dry, comfortable and stylish, safe and secure.	Manhandle chores! Western Chief Work Boots. BIG BUCKS OFF! Famous Western Chief Boots! Ambitious. Comfortable. Protective. In your choice of non-steel or steel toe. Built-to-last, full-grain leather uppers; Sure-grip, blown-rubber outsole for comfort; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Permanent, Taibrelle- lined, padded insole for comfort; Each approx. 25 ozs. Wicking Taibrelle lining. Each approx. 6"h. State Size. Medium-wide width. Act Now! Men's Western Chief Non-Steel Toe Boots, Black

A classic style that still makes the grade. Canvas and suede upper with side stripes. Vulcanized rubber outsole.

You would expect boots as handsome as these Wolverine 4217 Mens 8 Inch Brown Slip-Resistant Work Boots to be all looks and no substance. You couldnt be more wrong. In fact, this pair gives a whole new meaning to having the whole package. We cant deny theyre lookers. The tan, full-grain leather uppers and tall 8-inch design will certainly turn heads. But, like your mamma used to say, its whats inside that matters. This pair was put together using Goodyear Welt construction. Stitched rather than glued, Goodyear Welted boots are flexible and extra-durable. The soles are fully repairable for years of reliable wear. PK mesh lines the inside and wicks away moisture and perspiration for a dry, cool fit. A combination of removable full-length footbeds and rubber midsoles work to cushion each step you take for all-day comfort you can count on. Add lightweight nylon shanks and youve got some serious support. You wont have to worry about staying on your toes either, because this pair features Wolverine Agitator dual-density PU outsoles for outstanding slip- and oil-resistant traction on a variety of terrains. The whole package is a rare find. Click on the cart now to order your Wolverine 4217 Mens 8 Inch Brown Slip Resistant Work Boots today. Looking good and feeling great has never been so easy. Sizes Manufactured

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Minntonka Moccasins Sheepskin Slippers... premium comfort and soft-sole flexibility. Delight your toes and wallet at the same time! This is premium sheepskin construction... the ultimate in comfort. Features

The rim actually spins as you walk and/or run. Lightweight microfiber synthetic leather upper with lateral quarter panel. Advanced cushioning, shock-absorbing, active heat/moisture-management L.S. Exchange Technology.

The New Balance 1010 packs motion control, firm support, a comfy wider toe box, and superior cushioning into one great running shoe. This style is a great pick for larger frame runners seeking comfort as they rack up the miles. Colors

What was that flashing silver streak?! SAVE BIG! Well, it could have been you in these New Balance 718 Running Shoes, speeding by with their light, stable support and eye-catching style. But the great thing is, even if you're a slower mover, you still get all the premium athletic comfort and bounce, even at a walk. The other great thing... BIG Close-Out savings here! Synthetic leather and mesh uppers are light, durably tough and breathable to keep cool; Rubber outsole with on-the-go grip; EVA midsole with Abzorb cushioning in the toe and heel for maximum impact absorption; Nylon shank for solid stability; Removable EVA insole adds more "cush"; Wicking mesh lining for dry comfort Padded tongue and collar; Each is approx. 4 1/4"h. and a very light 13 ozs.; State Size. Medium width. Streaking is out... but running-style comfort is IN! Get this awesome bargain ONLINE now! Men's New Balance 718 Running Shoes, Silver / Yellow

Our popular ECOBAGS EveryDay 10 oz natural cotton canvas tote/shopping bag. Available in natural. The perfect book or tote bag; a good medium sized tote

PLEASER,Mid-Platform,SkySKY-301SK, 6 3/4" Stiletto Heel PF Slide W/Skull OmamentatioAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Kitson - heard of it? We bet you have. Everytime a celebrity is photographed having just scored bags of new finds on a shopping spree, chances are she's being spotted leaving Kitson, LA's trendsetting boutique. These sneakers are inspired by the LA fashion vibe for which Kitson is famous.

sweater bon/bge fabric 80

The most popular football boot of all time, the Copa Mundial features a rich leather upper and dual-density outsole that has set the standard for comfort on the pitch for decades.	This shoe has been around for over 20 years now and barely changed at all in that time! Still one of the favourite choices of all kinds of players. It has a soft feel to them thanks to the kangaroo leather and excellent traction on hard surfaces thanks to the stud and outsole formation.    Kangaroo leather - Making these boots both lightweight and durable. For a glove-like fit.  Full fold over tongue - gives a better strike area avoiding contact between the laces and the ball whilst shooting and passing.  Dual-density outsole - for lightweight cushioning and strategic support, exactly where you need it.  Soft synthetic lining provides high comfort along with EVA backing material  Short moulded studs - Provide unbeatable traction and grip whilst running about.

sweater bon/bge fabric 85

Wolverine Work Boots are especially adept for outfitting working people with the right work footwear for a variety of conditions. From inclement weather, to the wear and tear of day to day working conditions, these 8" Wolverine Work Boots will prepare you for just about anything! These Waterproof Wolverine Work Boots feature performance leather uppers will not only keep you dry in the wettest conditions, but will also keep you warm with an incredibly well designed thermal foam insulation design. This combination of features maximizes your performance without letting the elements stand in your way. The Wolverine 1149 has undergone the rigorous testing established by ASTM for protective footwear. This rating lets you know that you have trusted protection against injury to your toe. These two important safety features help to decrease work related accidents for lasting safety benefits, increased work uptime and real peace of mind! And for ising on the cake, you'll also appreciate the high quality oil, slip and abrasion resistant PVC Lug 2 outsoles, which employ direct attach construction for lasting durability. This forms a watertight bond this is both incredibly lightweight, as well as very flexible, that makes great design sense, while maximizing your comfort. For a sturdy, dependable workboot that will last you for many years to come, order the Wolverine 1149. This Wolverine Work Boot is well known worldwide as a best of breed work boot. Order yours today! We offer three additional styles with these same core features. The 1124 adds the protection of a safety toe, while the 1189 steel toe and 1123 plain toe are made with 8" uppers. Browse through the selection to find precisely what you need. Sizes

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.	Deer Stags Vegas

Keep cool in the hot casual style of this Floater flip flop from Cobian. This look is the way to go with its padded manmade upper,  contoured EVA footbed, and textured rubber outsole. For long hours relaxing poolside or perusing the beach, the Floater will be there to keep you comfortable and confident.	Walk with Cobian in their Floater sandal which features a soft synthetic strap, spongy EVA top sole, and a durable rubber bottom sole.

The Pump 2.0 system with auto on/off valve automatically inflates for a custom fit. Turn it on when you need it and off when you dont. The Reebok Answer IX Pump basketball shoe has a top quality full-grain leather upper with a forefoot stability strap and breathable lining material. An external TPU heel counter provides ankle stability and support. Herringbone traction pattern outsole. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Nina Kids brand equity, derived from a long history of designing shoes in New York for over 55 years, enables parents to recognize a dependable friend. The substantial depth of the Nina Kids brand  spanning every possible occasion  highlights the exceptional styling and fashion-right footwear of the collection. Yet it is the quality materials and dedication to perfect fit, pair after pair, year after year, that forms the strongest partnership between parents and Nina Kids. That perfect bow detail  that cutest pink jelly sandal  that faux fur pom-pom bootie Nina Kids is the brand little girls love. Winning parents trust and making little girls happyThats Nina Kids.	Elegant open toe shoe on a kitten heel. 		Satin upper with tonal sequin detailing. 		Lightly padded footbed. 		Leather sole. 		1" heel.

rowdie black leather 60

Creeper-423 by Demonia with 2 inch heels, Leather upper, Available color

rowdie black leather 65

This Terrain favorite has styling reminiscent of the most classic of hiking boots. Welted to Dr. Martens black BEX sole, the lace-to-toe D-rings and tunnel-loop add a practical twist to these comfortable favorites.The original Dr. Martens air-cushioned sole, providing underfoot comfort and durability since 1960. It is oil- and fat-resistant, tough and offers good abrasion and slip resistance. A heavyweight leather, with a subtle grained finish.

The Hayden platform slingback sandal from Betsey Johnson will take your breath away. It features a satin upper with rhinestone adornments, an alluring peep toe with a sash detail, and a sexy heel sling with an adjustable heart-shaped buckle closure. The cushioned insole provides long wearing comfort while the clear platform and high stiletto heel will get you one step closer to reaching stardom.	designer Betsey Johnson has built her long-standing career in fashion by following her own set of rules. Known for her celebration of the exuberant, the embellished, and the over the top, Betsey has been rocking the fashion industry with her unique and original designs since the 1960's.

This Georgia boot features an oil resistant Vibram Lug rubber outsole that provides superior traction in the toughest working conditions. These great leather Georgia loggers are insulated with 200 gram Thinsulate

Perfed full-grain leather upper provides breathability, comfort and maximum performance. CMEVA midsole offers a responsive ride. Injected TPU arch adds increased arch support. Herringbone rubber outsole adds maximum traction and durability. Wt. 16.4 oz.

The adidas Clima Phenom Low baseball shoe is an aggressive, breathable spike for the entire batting order. Its ClimaCool design brings the cooling ventilation and the look of pro ball down to young players at all levels. Synthetic leather with ClimaCool ventilation upper. Performance non-slip mesh lining. EVA insole for comfort. Compression-molded LightStrike III EVA midsole. Injected lightweight TPU outsole with fixed metal cleats.

When hardcore durability is what you need, the industrial oxford steel toe ESD from Dr. Martens is the ideal solution. It features a PVC outsole that's electric static dissipative (ESD) and slip-resistant, plus a black antistatic board ribbed insole, and standard woodshank. These shoes are ANSI/OSHA approved.	Protect your feet with Dr. Martens Lace-up Steel Toe Oxfords. Now at BIG SAVINGS! Are boots more than you need for safety protection? These Oxfords are a lightweight, comfortable alternative. Dr. Martens has been making high-quality work shoes for decades. These shoes have great style and protection with steel toes and electrical hazard rating. The slip-resistant HUD soles give you sure footing on the job. Of course, they have the trademark Dr. Martens lug sole and yellow stitching. Made of genuine full-grain leather in two styles

Rockport Collins Slip-ons, SALE SAVINGS! When it's time to go casual and comfortable, Rockport is on the case like ants on candy! These Collins Slip-ons prove it, with easy style to spare. And here at The Guide we spare you some change, thanks to a seasonal style change... to the tune of less while they're On Sale! Premium full-grain leather uppers, rich, flexible and durable. With twin gore panels for a perfect fit; Non-slip rubber outsole; Internal EVA midsole absorbs impact so your feet and knees don't; Removable dual-density insole adds more cushioning support; Wicking mesh lining helps you keep your cool, and dry; Relaxingly light at around 13 ozs. apiece. State Size. Medium width. Get your feet where they deserve to be... get these while they last! Men's Rockport Collins Slip-ons, Mahogany / Black

Suede leather upper, EVA midsole with a molded rubber outsole. Double laces for better fit and metal eyelets for durability. Embroidered logos.

The attractive Ros Hommerson Attack pump adds shine to any outfit. Offered in patent leather, leather and patent leather or microfiber and patent leather, this sophisticated women's dress shoe balances a feminine rounded toe with a modest heel for a touch of height. The leather-covered, cushioned footbed adds comfort to every step. Ros Petal construction reduces leg and back fatigue with a high-density, flexible Poron footbed and Texon Insole that absorbs sweat to keep feet drier. The Ros Hommerson Attack dress pump is finished with a textured rubber sole, lending durable traction whether you're at work or at play.

Model stylish!  This chic open toe wedge is a must have for every fashion diva!  The high wedge, open toe design will drive the guys wild and make all your friends jealous!  Rubber sole so you wont lose your grip, padded insole for comfort, stop looking and buy now!

Add a low-profile polish to your look with the Neda mary jane from Me Too. Choose from a suede or leather upper, and enjoy the versatility of the flat leather and rubber sole. Neda's relaxed design and adjustable instep strap let you break-in this baby in no time. You will love pairing this comfortable friend with both pants and skirts.	Aneesa is a classic ballet flat with a bow on the vamp. This shoe is a great addition to any wardrobe and can be worn to both dress up or down an outfit.

Tignanello searches the world over to find, and develop high quality leather that will enhance the functional styling for which they are known, producing a product that is all leather on the outside, complemented with appropriate hardware and ornamentation. Each bag is designed with special attention to how it will be used, with ample pockets and compartments. Since a well treated leather handbag can last indefinitely, quality of materials and construction combined with reasonable pricing give the best value available. With classic designs, you may even find yourself passing your Tignanello bags to the next generation. The One Touch and Casual leather collections have natural finishes, so no flaws are hidden. Therefore, the best quality hides must be used. All bags are designed with the customer in mind with special attention to detail creating a stylish handbag that opens well, handles properly.	Versatile and easy to carry seasonless X Body bag. The black leather is luscious!

Man made upper and sole with sewn in elastic for a more secure fit. Full length padded plus sock liner. Cushioned heel counter for extra comfort. Nonskid traction pad, toe and heel taps attached.Women size fitting

Nestled in a small rural village in the beautiful foothills of the Drakenberg Mountains in the Kingdom of the Zulu, in South Africa, each pair of TSONGA shoes is hand-stitched by Joanna and other talented African craftswomen of the Tsonga tribe.Cut from some of the finest leather in the world, Tsonga's leather uppers are meticulously hand-stitched to their unique soles by the village craft women. With each stitch, the handcrafted comfort TSONGA is famous for is integrated into every shoe.In an area with high unemployment, TSONGA has provided Joanna and others in her community a valuable employment opportunity, and as a result this little village has been rejuvenated. TSONGA also assists in educating and uplifting the community with outreach programs aimed at improving the quality of life of every individual.Tsonga is a business, like many others, but their pride in their people is their passion. They are our investment.

This modified one band slide is the perfect sandal to take you through spring and summer in style. Versatile and easy to wear, it features a broad leather upper with contrast piping and strap details at the sides. The comfortable cushioned footbed features a smooth leather and sueded fabric lining for a soft, inviting feel. The flexible unit bottom incorporates a modest built-in heel and a traction patterned outsole for slip resistance. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	Both retro-inspired and sweet, you'll never want to take these classy slides off your feet! Full leather upper with stylish dual side strap accents. Rubber sole for ultra durability and suspension. Anatomic polyurethane footbed for super shock absorption.

Bass practically invented penny loafer style, and these classics are why.  Smooth leather, patent leather, croco embossed leahter or nubuck upper in a slip on casual penny loafer style, with a stitched seam rounded moc style toe, instep strap overlay with penny style cutout, and a smooth lining.  Cushioned comfort insole, flexible traction outsole.  1/2 inch heel.

Your kid will look great on and off court with the Adidas Originals Big Kid's Superstar II Basketball Shoe, featuring the classic 1969 Adidas lace-up low-top basketball shoe design. The soft tumbled leather upper comes with the distinctive Adidas rubber shell toe, three contrasting side stripes, and Adidas logo on the tongue and back heel. The non-marking, flat rubber outsole with herringbone-pattern traction is sturdy and durable, and the die-cut E.V.A. insert and padded tongue and collar provide your kid's foot with extra comfort and support.	Adidas Superstar II Retro Basketball Shoes

Men's LaCrosse 18" Alphaburly Hunting Boots. These LaCrosse Alphaburly Hunting Boots are the most comfortable Rubber Hunting Boots to date

Not even a downpour can stop the enemies of justice, which why your little superhero needs Western Chief's Spider rain boot.  All-rubber construction ensures feet stay nice and dry, while the saw-tooth grip on the rubber sole lends extra traction to web-slinging on slippery streets.	Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids shoes are built to outfit your little one from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child will be ready for the classroom or the playground in these charming galoshes. These Spider Character Rain Boots feature waterproof uppers with easy-on handles, plus a skid-resistant outsole and moisture-absorbing cotton lining that dries quickly when the puddle-splashing fun is over.

Head to the tropics in comfort and style with the Reef Colada. This cool casual sandal features a durable textile upper with a recycled coconut husk footbed for one-of-a-kind style. Abrasion-resistant, molded rubber outsole provides great grip.

Perfect for cold winter nights, the Classic slipper from Staheekum will keep your feet warm and cozy no matter how brisk the weather. It's made from genuine sheepskin, with natural suede on the outside and cozy fleece on the inside. The stylish cuff can be worn folded down, or up for extra warmth on your ankles, while the flexible non-slip rubber sole will help keep you steady on your feet, inside or out.	Perfect for cold winter nights, the Classic slipper from Staheekum will keep your feet warm and cozy no matter how brisk the weather. It's made from genuine sheepskin, with natural suede on the outside and cozy fleece on the inside.

Neil M.'s Sand Diego lace up shoes for men feature two-tone leather uppers, classic lace-up oxford styling and cushioned in-soles for superior comfort. These elegant shoes will take you through your entire day in comfort and style.	All Neil M shoes are designed and produced to give you incredible comfort -- all day, on all surfaces, for all occasions. Neil M has achieved this through the integration of design, materials and manufacturing elements. For people with orthotics these shoes are not only orthotic friendly but a great fashionable alternative from the usual plain orthotic shoes. Neil M unitizes comfort foot beds and super-soft leathers together with specialized manufacturing techniques so that all our styles are amazingly comfortable.

This handsewn leather dress slip-on offers the ultimate combination of flexibility and cushioning  Handsewn leather upper  FreeFlex comfort technology for extreme walking pleasure and instant break-in  Padded tongue  Leather lining  Leather-covered, cushioned insole  Shock-absorbing polyurethane outsole  Elastic-gored instep for an outstanding fit  True Wrap-Around moccasin construction

"Preserves and lubricates leather items subjected to rugged outdoor use.Lanolin keeps leather pliant and silicone repels water.For use on saddlery, hunting boots, works hoes and leather athletic goods.Natural Oils, Lanolin And Silicone.Size12 OUNCESColor "BCI - 277010

Timberland set new industry standards for craftsmanship, durability and protection when it introduced an authentic, waterproof leather boot in 1973. A global leader in design, engineering and marketing of premium footwear, Timberland values consumers who cherish the outdoors and their time in it. Timberland has been an industry leader in the use of both sustainable and recycled materials in its shoes, as well as its footwear packaging. The Timberland Company believes in corporate responsibility and supports numerous civic and social projects throughout the year.	This street-smart urban hiker is both blue jean chic and outdoor savvy  Waterproof nubuck leather upper  Fabric lining  Removable foam cushioned insole  Lugged rubber sole assures tractions  1-1/8 heel  Padded collar provides added comfort

Full-grain leather upper with padded collar and padded mesh tongue provides comfort and sleek style. Double-stitched seams and rubber toe bumper offer durability. Board-style midsole provides lightweight cushioning. Shock-absorbing insole lends additional comfort and cushioning. Abrasion-resistant outsole delivers great traction.

The Timberland Crossdraft with mesh side panels is designed for breathable performance in warm weather. Full-grain leather upper (wheat is Nubuck). Solid rubber outsole with multi-lug pattern for traction. Lightweight EVA midsole for cushioning. TPU shank and heel clip for rigidity and stability. Integrated mesh panels and sidewall midstrap construction for breathability. Speed lacing system.

Soft technical polyester fabric upper with polyurethane midsole.

Dezario has been making quality fashion footwear in North Hollywood, California, for 18 years using the finest leathers, materials, and components from Italy. The focus and success of Dezario is in the fashion, fit, and comfort. All of Dezario footwear has a special padding for that extra comfort and support. We know that women want a comfortable fashion shoe that looks great and fits well. That's what Dezario is all about.

5 inch Heel Stretch Lace Up Knee Boot Women's Size Shoe With Inner Zipper.

Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world!	Fantastic sneakers featuring a steel cap toe, a canvas upper and side 2 zippers.

The Superstar was introduced in 1969 as the first low-top basketball shoe featuring an all-leather upper and the now-famous rubber shell toe. By the mid 70s, three-quarters of all NBA players were wearing the new shell toe shoes from adidas, and the Superstar has been in production ever since. Truly a classic, the Superstar II features a soft tumbled leather upper, a rubber cupsole with herringbone traction design, and a die-cut EVA insert for added comfort.	The adidas Superstar ruled the basketball court back in the early '70s. Originally introduced in 1969, the adidas Superstar was the first low-top basketball shoe to feature an all-leather upper and the now-famous rubber shell toe. It quickly became a favorite of NBA players and has been in production ever since. This updated version features a leather upper in an authentic color. Torsion System adds midfoot stability. Sculpted EVA midsole features herringbone tread. Classic court style is updated to give that classic but refined look! Features a white uppers with black stripes which really sets this shoe off. Style # 034859

The adidas Blindside basketball shoe is back with all the features you need to shine. Full-grain and synthetic leather upper provides comfort and durability. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. Molded EVA midsole delivers lightweight cushioning. Torsion System offers midfoot integrity. Non-marking rubber outsole with herringbone pattern. Wt. 14.0 oz.

Since 1981, Rider has focused on three main objectives-superior design, comfort, and technology.

The Steel Arched Shoe Horn is made from alloy steel. The classic arch is angled just right for gliding your feet into your footwear. The alloy steel is sturdy and is approximately 7" long for easy access and travel. Also, a 0.5" diameter hanger hole is located at the handle for easy storage.

Adidas Womens Driver Isabelle Golf Shoe Closeouts

Get all the support and performance in the Classic Cadion hiking boot, in a sandal. Lightweight and breathable, the Timberland Cadion Boa Closed Toe Sandal for Men is constructed from fullgrain waterproof leather and hydrophobic mesh to keep your feet cool and you on the move. The multiadjustable Boa lacing system allows you to customized the fit of your Cadion Sandals to create the width and support you desire. The removable Smartwool footbed adds to the comfort of these hiking sandals as it wicks moisture away from your foot and the Vibram outsole delivers superior traction on trails, no matter the weather.

To Boot New York footwear and accessories is made exclusively in Italy in the finest small-production factories. Each and every item is made of the finest Italian and French leathers and goes through over 200 hand-steps from design to the final hand finishing. The quality of To Boot New York shoes and accessories are just right for today's fast lifestyle.	To Boot New York footwear and accessories is made exclusively in Italy in the finest small production factories. Each and every item is made of the finest Italian and French leathers and goes through over 200 hand steps from design to the final hand finishing. The quality of To Boot New York shoes and accessories are just right for today's fast lifestyle.

Me Too builds shoes from the ground up to bring you the fashion and comfort you deserve. They accomplish this by using the finest leathers, components and treatments, combined with the latest inspirations.Me Too is established in the fashion world as timeless and classic with a little edge.	She is a cool laid back girl, someone you want to know. Casual in leather or daring in calf hair, wear Lynessa under slacks or over skinny's.

Ladies and Gentlemen, here's the most thrillingly sensuous experience your bare feet will ever have! SAVE BIG! Yes, these Sheepswool Slipper Boots offer a nearly sinful luxurious feel! Thanks to the natural wool lining that feels like heaven and is cozy as heck. Uppers are a soft, attractive, durable suede leather soles are cushioning blown rubber. Permanent sheepswool-lined padded insole finishes off the cloud-soft effect. Each is approx. 9 1/2" h., and a mere 9 ozs light. State Full Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Men, please order one size larger than your normal size. Note

Highly-ventilated AIRmesh upper. CMEVA midsole with Composite Wave(TM) in Double Parallel Wave(TM) configuration. SensorPoint(TM), VS-1(TM), Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation. Solid rubber forefoot , X-10(TM) carbon rubber heel. Weight 12.3 oz.

This stylish casual shoe from Unlisted has everything you want. Its laid-back design offers a fully padded comfort insole and a non-marking composite outsole, so it stays looking as good as it feels.	The Tommy Hilfiger brand has become a symbol of the all-American spirit and continues to be regarded as one of the most recognized global lifestyle brands. The Tommy Hilfiger Footwear collection is fun, glamorous and designed to recharge your wardrobe. Stay a step ahead in great spirited colors and luxurious fabrics with Tommy Hilfiger footwear.

Polo Ralph Lauren children's footwear has all the fashion, fit and redefined classic American styles that you have come to expect from this brand. Polo Ralph Lauren footwear is designed with exquisite materials and meticulous detail. Styles range from classic, vintage and preppy slip-ons and boat shoes to athletic-inspired sneakers and casual wear. Whether it is a day at the park or a night on the boat, your child will embrace his or her style with Polo kids' shoes.	These Layette's by Polo Ralph Lauren are paying homage to classic American style; cute, comfortable & fashionable. Polo Ralph Lauren offers a world of luxury & comfort in all designs for men, women, & children. Founded by American designer Ralph Lauren, the company focuses on high-end clothing, accessories, & footwear.

The ultra microfiber upper of the Diadora Nove RTX 12 soccer shoe is extremely lightweight and conforms to the natural shape of the foot. An external heel counter provides excellent fit and stability. The removable Engage insole adds superior cushioning. A polyurethane outsole with Axeler Technology delivers unsurpassed stability and flexibility. 12 fixed polyurethane studs. For use on firm, natural surfaces. Wt. 10.1 oz.

Nautilus brings style to a serious work shoe with the 1600 slip-on for men. Featuring a smooth leather upper, durable rubber out-sole and steel toe construction, you can comfortably wear your 1600s for tough or easy jobs around the house.	These aren't your daddy's steel toe shoes! Nautilus N1600 Men's Moss Steel Toe Slip-On Shoes are a whole new look for a modern Working Man. Need good looks, traction, support, comfort, and safety? Try these Nautilus steel toe safety shoes on for size. Nautilus N1600 Men's Moss Steel Safety Toe Slip-On Shoes are made with a full grain water resistant nubuck leather upper with Cambrelle lining, removable anti-fatigue polyurethane insole, EVA midsole for maximum comfort, and fiberglass shank to provide excellent stability with every step. The sole is cemented to the bottom of the moccasin-like shoe. The ergonomically designed "wide area" steel toe cap provides maximum toe room for comfort, and can withstand over 2500 lbs of compression and 75 lbs. of impact. The shoe has non-marking, durable, oil- and slip-resistant stabilizer rubber outsoles. This shoe meets or exceeds ASTM F2413-05 impact/compression specification, and meets or exceeds ASTM F2413-05 standards for static dissipating SD Footwear, and the shoe is guaranteed comfortable. Nautilus N1600 Men's Moss Steel Toe Slip-On Shoes are unlike most steel toe shoes you are used to seeing on the job. If you have a job where steel toe shoes are required, but you don't want to wear big clunky boots, we don't blame you! These Nautilus Steel Toe Slip-on shoes might be your best option. And it might be the beginning of a wonderful new relationship. Put a pair in your shopping cart now. Sizes Manufactured

Recommended by five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Womens specific fit, full-length SpEVA midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Comes with 9mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Wt. 7.3 oz.

Hodgman Boot Jack. If you're a bootman like me, you wear one kind of boots or another much more than you wear fancy dress shoes! Well, if you buy 'em to fit right, there's usually no hassle in puttin' them on. Taking them off can be difficult, to say the least, if you don't have a Boot Jack to help you out. I nagged at my wife for years to get me one for Christmas or my Birthday, and it finally happened. I get my boots off in jig time now. That's why I jumped at the chance to get a deal on these Jacks for my good Guide customers. Get yourself one now... you'll wonder how and why you ever got along without it! Order yours today! Hodgman Boot Jack

Bloch's Dansoft ballet slipper is ideal for young dance students. A full leather sole encourages secure stepping, while an elastic strap over the instep makes for a flexible fit.	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

DR. SCHOLL DIVA * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--RUBBER* MIDSOLE--WOOD * MEDIUM WIDTH 3.5" HEEL HEIGHT * IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $58.00NOW -

The Men's Santiam 400 Hunting Boot is built for the year-round hunter and offers superior comfort in wet and cold conditions. The durable full-grain leather upper is paired with a breathable and waterproof GORE-TEX membrane, and 400 grams of Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for warmth. Stitchdown construction gives this boot excellent durability and creates a wide, stable platform. The Satiam boot is outfitted on Danner's patented air-cushioned, self-cleaning Bob sole, which features perimeter lugs for excellent stability and superior traction, even through mud and snow.	Finally... Boots that take hunting as seriously as you do! Danner Elite Series Santiam Insulated Boots. A sure sign of the serious big game hunter, the Santiam is all business, all the time. From its triple-stitched vamp and full-grain leather to its classic upper configuration, Danner Santiam Boots are top of the line. Sure, you could settle for less, but that's not your style. From your Boots to your balaclava, you wear quality gear. Not because it costs more or because it has a fancy name, but because it delivers the performance and long-lasting durability you demand. After all, hunting and the outdoor adventure aren't just a hobby for you... they're a way of life. Get serious

Full-grain leather upper offers comfort and durability. A midsole shank adds stability. 360 outsole provides on-court traction. Wt. 17.8 oz.

Ankle Fringe Boots. Warmth and comfort... do we need to even mention stylish? It's plain to see these babies are, as the younguns would say, "stylin'!" Fringed suede leather Boots, popular on the frontier, popular today. Warm, comfortable and look great with jeans or leathers. Only the best glove tanned leather is used. You can sleep easy knowing these beauts are quality! Inside is a 1/4" thick cushioned insole to soften each step. A 7" classic with 4-eyelet rawhide lacing. Crepe hardsole provides added durability and walking comfort. Weigh an airy 9 ozs. a piece. State Color and Full Size, as available in Shopping Cart below. Come in medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Boots like this at a price this low... these won't stick around. Order ONLINE Today! Ladies' Minnetonka Moccasin Ankle Fringe Boots

5 Inch Block Heel Shoe Women's Size Shoe With Studded Rubber Spikes and Ankle Strap.

The Faux Shearling Low Top Booties by Kiddopotamus with all-new styling and luxe faux fur lining will keep your baby in cozy style!  The soles are soft and flexible as recommended for healthy foot development. The Booties are completely lined in plush faux fur for cozy comfort.  The outer layer is durable faux suede in fawn, pink or blue. The lower top opens wide to easily slip on baby's foot and secures for a custom, no-kick fit that adjusts as baby grows. They secure closed with self-fastener featuring a darling star appliqu.  The Low Top Booties come in three sizes for babies and toddlers.

The New Balance MX1008W is a superior performing training shoe that takes you from the gym to a 5-mile run. Color

Genuine Leather General Purpose Purse / Shoulder Bag.This quality constructed item is made of genuine full grain leather. Keep your passport, travelers checks, money and more secure. Pouch can be worn under garments as a security item or over the shoulder as an "on the go" wallet. Main compartment and three zippered smaller compartments. Size adjustable nylon lanyard cord.Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!

Like the superhero that looks mild-mannered at rest but performs amazing feats when energized, lurking inside the design of this all-around shoe is the Mad Rock core DNA of fantastic comfort and performance.  A proven design with a Mad twist, the Flash is a superb performer that can tackle face, trad and multi-pitch climbs with equal aplomb, and allows quick entry and adjustment with its twin Velcro closures. Traditional construction allows for a comfortable, sensitive all-arounder that features the worlds stickiest Mad Rubber for leaving fellow climbers in your wake.

206358CRL115 Features

Inspired by classic running shoes, the Jazz gives a retro look to a quality athletic shoe that's completely modern. With a comfort contoured EVA midsole, this stylish nylon and suede sneaker lets you put your mind on your performance.	Saucony Jazz Original Retro Shoes

Step into comfort with this Saucony Grid Omni Walker, a high-tech shoe with a bio-mechanical fit that really delivers. Using a Visible Rearfoot Grid System of Hytrel filaments, the Omni Walker provides superior cushioning and heel-centered stability. A responsive EVA/rubber compound, midfoot support bridge, SRC impact zone and HRC strobel board provide additional cushioning and stability. Also features a premium sockliner and Walk Trac rubber outsole design for a smooth transition.	The women's Saucony Omni Walker offers an unsurpassed fit with an SRC crash pad in the heel, leather upper and a blown rubber forefoot outsole. This shoe is perfect for walking providing shock attenuation at the heel strike stage, a supportive and snug fit in the upper during midfoot stance and a cushioned ride during toe-off.

Perfect for the outdoors, this rugged leather boot can go where other boots can't with its water-resistant upper  Water-resistant, oil-tanned full grain leather upper  Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole  Double cushion microcellular cushion crepe sole  Goodyear welt construction

liner turq leather 100

The Zanetta from Vaneli is the perfect grab and go everyday boot. Featuring a soft, supple calf leather upper, inside zipper for easy on and off, and a versatile 6.5-inch shaft, this boot spices up jeans, skirts, and pants. The stacked, heel keeps you stable, while the padded footbed delivers additional comfort.	For the latest in high fashion footwear, Vaneli is the brand to watch. Boasting a variety of styles, Vaneli offers the perfect complement to any eveningwear. With a mind on fashion and an eye on comfort, these shoes deliver a perfect blend of long-wearing style.

A low-profile version of the classic tennis shoe designed in the early '70s in collaboration with tennis great Rod Laver. Ripstop nylon upper features a reinforced toe for added durability. Lasting cushioning keeps your feet comfortable at all times.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Spend your downtime in total comfort with the sporty ?Kamet? ankle boot.Seam-sealed, waterproof leather or nubuck upper with neoprene trim to cushion the foot and keep moisture out.Elasticized topline moves and flexes with the foot to provide instant fit and comfort.Full-length, OrthoLite? footbed with brushed nylon cover absorbs shock and wicks moisture to keep your feet cool and dry.Vulcanized rubber outsole with foxing bands for extra traction and protection.Strobel construction, in which the upper is attached to a sockliner that is applied to the outsole, creates a flexible, durable shoe.4 1/2 shaft.12 circumference.

Timberland's classic Field Boots hold up to plenty of wear and tear, year after year. Rugged, dependable, and waterproof to keep your feet dry and comfortable while offering plenty of support.	TIMBERLAND FIELD BOOT Style# 24511 Size

The Europedica Men's 5250 Indoor & Outdoor Clog Slipper maximizes your lounging and walking pleasure with many comfort details. The anatomically molded EVA sock cradles your foot and cushions every step. The nubuck leather upper provides breathability and durability, which means your comfort will last and last.

System Component

Tough job? Carolina 8" Loggers are up to the task! Protection from above! And below, for that matter. 8" uppers keep your feet safe from bumps, scrapes, punctures, and the many other jobsite hazards. The shovel-worthy triple bar steel shank fends off dangers from below. Tough all-around protection for a great price? Workers

iglou natural suede 100

clint sand suede 85

Who could say no to the classic laidback design of this lace-up? Show that you take your comfort and your look seriously and don a pair of these kicks from Adidas. A rubber cupsole and reinforced toe provide all of the protection you'll need, while the Gazelles' supple suede upper takes care of the rest.	Adidas Gazelle II Retro Shoes

Timberland's classic Field Boots hold up to plenty of wear and tear, year after year. Rugged, dependable and waterproof to keep your feet dry and comfortable while offering plenty of support.	Men's Timberland Field Scuff Proof Boot

The Hush Puppies brand is the heart of American casual. We apply our philosophy of fun, comfortable, genuine style to every shoe we make - from work to weekend. In essence, Hush Puppies invented casual. In 1958, when we first introduced the soft suede Hush Puppies shoe, something amazing happened; the world discovered casual, comfortable style. And that style has been a favorite ever since.  Because we combine advanced comfort technology with fun, contemporary styling, Hush Puppies fit perfectly into everyday life. So it's no wonder Hush Puppies have become a worldwide favorite. With a full line of footwear, apparel, and accessories for the whole family. Hush Puppies can be seen on the feet of celebrities, in movies, and in 80 countries around the globe.

What other shoe is going to dress him up for those special occasions then let him be rough and tough just seconds later? It's the Scholar Oxford from Willits, that's what!

This clean, slip-on dress loafer from Zengara is ready to wear and designed to impress. Its leather upper with a brass buckle features a square toe box for a more natural toe spread inside the shoe, and the rubber outsole absorbs shock for long wearing comfort.	Slip into this handsome dress slip on. Smooth leather upper.Stylish apron seamed square toe. Front band with metallic accents Easy slip on style. Flat traction man made outsole.

Luichiny is your source for high fashion footwear and accessories. Luichiny products are a sexy and trendy with unique textiles, leathers, and ornamentation. The collection features women's boots, sandals, pumps, flats and a variety of handbags. Luichiny is perfect for the woman who wants her independence and wants to get noticed in the outside world at an affordable price.

The adidas a3 Gigaride is a running shoe that screams performance and has the technology to back it up. Full forefoot a3 structure provides long lasting luxury and a seamless upper offers great fit and lightweight comfort. Molded EVA sockliner. Structured midsole adds optimal stability and platform. Carbon rubber outsole gives durability. Wt. 13.2 oz.

More than the name of a footwear brand, Franco Sarto the man is the driving inspiration and passion behind the actual designs. By the age of 14, Sarto was working in a shoe factory where his job was to hand-last shoes with a hammer and nails. It is Sarto's start as a cobbler, and his passion as a designer that makes him a rarity in the business. He designs his shoes both with the sweat and blood of a technician and the grace and beauty of a world-renowned fashion designer. To this day, Sarto hand sketches many of his designs. Franco Sarto understands a woman's undying passion for shoes and is dedicated to keeping that passion alive by crafting beautiful shoes that bring joy to women around the world.	Franco Sarto makes your heart race with this tailored slingback. 		Metallic or matte full grain leather upper in a dress slingback style, with a square open toe, tonal stitching accents, sash style front overlay with decorative knotted center and heel sling strap with side elastic panel for a comfortable fit. 		Smooth lining, cushioned insole with scalloped edge heel pad. 		Dress midsole. 		Flat traction sole, stacked 1 3/4 inch low tapered kitten style heel.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The Trigon 4 Guide gives the neutral runner an additional level of support with a dual density post.

3" Heel Clear Mule W/Rhinestones.

8" Double - H Lacer Work Boots are made with pride in the USA to be a step ahead of the rest! This 8" Lacer is made with ultra fashionable, super comfortable light tobacco leather that'll hold up to years of work and play. But that's just the tip of the iceberg with these superior Boots. The rest of the story

Take longer walks in this ultra-lightweight, ultra-cushy women's Hush Puppies sandal. This comfortable sandal at FootSmart features a contoured, virtually weightless outsole that flexes with your foot to reduce foot fatigue and heel cracks. The durable construction makes it next-to-impossible to wear out. An easy-adjust hook-and-loop closure with a padded backstrap provides a custom fit...

3 inch Gogo Boot Women's Size Shoe With Zipper and Peace Sign.

BDG LEATHER BOOT * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH 1 1/3" HEEL HEIGHT * USE LEATHER CLEANER* IMPORT

Carolina 8" Insulated GORE - TEX Steel Toe Logger Boots will keep your feet safe and warm in nearly any situation! The answer to your cool-weather work Boot needs! This pair has 600 grams of Thinsulate Insulation to keep your feet toasty, and comes with a steel toe for safety. An electro-hazard rating tops off the safety measures. Look here

Penny Loves Kenny shoes combine an adventurous sense of style with eye-popping colors and fresh silhouettes. Inspired by the hottest design elements of the high-end fashion world, Penny Loves Kenny understands that a true fashionista has fun and owns a personal style. Dare to be different with these unique Hold Up boots!  These pull-on boots are western inspired with combination cream colored fabric and leather uppers with an overall distressed/worn look and stud accents that end beautifully in a pointed toe style. Approx. 2 3/4" heel, 12 1/2" shaft height, and 14" calf circumference.  Also available in denim/natural and brown, while supplies last!  Style name

Those who want quality, fit, and comfort know Bacco Bucci. That's because they've made it their commitment to satisfy the demand for performance footwear for the fashionably inclined. With a diverse selection of shoes designed to fit every need, their styles provide the ultimate comfort for casual, dress casual, contemporary, and dress shoes -- available in a range of sizes from 7 to 17. Their collection provides enticing designs that bring together fit, craftsmanship, and a broad range of technologically advanced materials into shoes of consistent superior quality.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend right, high quality footwear. The Bailey men's slip-on is no exception. It features nubuck construction with tumbled leather and a fully cushioned footbed.	This classic slip-on features a fully cushioned footbed and a rubber bottom. Rubber is a durable outsole material often valued or its slip-resistance and moisture-resistance. It is valued for its incredible longevity and lightweight. Also featuring leather and sock linings.

5 inch Chunky Heel Thigh High Boot Women's Size Shoe With 3 Buckle Detail.

The adidas University TR is a low-profile game and training shoe for speed merchants who know that more speed means more power. Synthetic leather upper adds light weight and durability. EVA insole provides comfort. adiPRENE insert delivers comfort and shock absorption. Injected EVA midsole gives long-term lightweight cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole with aggressive pattern for indoor/outdoor use.

Don't imagine your life without the Barderful low heel skimmer from Kenneth Cole Reaction. This highly comfortable and stylish shoe has a smooth leather upper, cut-out details, a cute round toe, soft leather lining, cushioned insole, and an island flexible rubber outsole for traction. The Barderful is versatile enough to pair with almost anything in your closet, business and casual.	For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction to this exceptional collection.

Built for the trail runner without any major biomechanical issues. Seamless air-mesh lining and nearly seamless welded upper result in no-pressure point fit and comfort. Gusseted tongue provides even pressure on top of the foot while keeping out dirt, dust and debris. Welded Kevlar overlays in toe and heel provide abrasion resistance. Endo-skeletal Support System holds the foot securely by wrapping the midfoot in non-stretch materials, providing free-floating, self-adjusting custom fit. IQ

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Sandals*WIZARD-01, 6-1/2" Chunky Heel Tan Pu SandalsAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Leather upper with monogrammed logo. Die-cut EVA midsole and rubber outsole with herringbone traction.

100% WATERPROOF Totes Velcro-closure Boots. Go ahead. Walk and stomp thru puddles, slush and mud. These 100% waterproof, Black polyurethane-coated Totes Boots can take it. And your feet inside will be dry as talcum powder. Just what you need to get the mail or take a walk. Check the features

We know you're no Fraidy Cat to fashion, so preserve your feel of freedom with the rugged look of these casually-chic thongs from Sanuk. The frayed denim upper will complement you with perfection, while you'll get lost in the comfort of the faux-suede lined insole and the shock-absorbing midsole.	Don't be afraid of the suede in the Sanuk Women's Fraidy Cat Sandal. It only makes things softer. AAASofter?AAA you ask. Yes, softer. Built-in arch support and a toe springAAAthat's rightAAAprovide anatomical support, and the distressed canvas strap adds laid-back personality to the Sanuk Fraidy Cat Sandal.Product FeaturesUpper Material

opas brown leather 110

A court-inspired casual shoe that offers versatile wear in a sporty package. The Reebok Men's CB Court features a leather and mesh upper with a rubber outsole.

Fila began in 1911 in the small alpine town of Biella, Italy, a place renowned for manufacturing the world's finest textiles and weaving fabrics with impeccable quality, true innovation, and extraordinary beauty. Born of the city and its traditions, Fila is inspired by Biella's dedication to artistry, luxury, and elegance. It's Fila's birthright, it's in their soul, and it defines their future. They continue to enrich the athletic experience by improving comfort and performance with Italian design, quality craftsmanship, and refined materials. There is no feeling quite as luxurious as that of playing in Fila, and that is the reason for Fila's existence. We create what is desired, not just what is necessary.	No matter what space age polymers shoe science provides us in the future, there will never be a replacement for good old fashioned canvas. The simple support and comfort of the canvas rubber combo makes a great multipurpose shoe, and the Fila Rimini CVS men's athletic inspired shoes is no exception. In fact Fila's take on the timeless materials is one of the best, better looking and better feeling than your average old-school canvas sneaker.The Fila Rimini CVS updates the low-key style of back-in-the-day with a modern sensibility and comfort features for an ultra-versatile and comfy shoe you can wear with almost anything. Better still, your feet will feel so good in a broken-in pair of Fila Rimini CVS, you'll actually want to wear them, even on those rare occasions when they don't technically, 100% match (Hint

Soft, Durable man-made uppers  Foam padded collar and tongue  Rubber push-off outsole  Leather slide pad  Lightweight; most comfortable  Medium width  Shoe bag included

Synthetic upper with removable color cards, outsole/midsole area is scalloped at the medial and lateral arch areas, rear finger notch, semi-flat outsole for traction without rough edges. 5.7 oz.

Classic inspired style for players of all abilities. Synthetic/Patent leather upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, Torsion system, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole. Wt. 14.5 oz.

The ASICS GEL-Nimbus VII running shoe is ideal for the neutral or underpronating runner looking for guidance and cushioning from heel strike to toe-off. Biomorphic Fit upper provides enhanced fit and comfort while decreasing the potential for irritation. SpEVA 45 last helps increase rearfoot cushioning and long-lasting comfort. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems offer maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation in all planes of motion. Advanced Space Trusstic System creates a pocket that allows for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait while allowing for natural foot movement. Wt. 12.9 oz.

6" Heel Knee High Strap Up Sandal.

The Under Armour Thief Metal baseball shoe combines an unbelievable lightweight and breathable upper with terrific comfort and support. Dual Plate Technology and Rotational Traction allow for explosive starts and maximum speed out of the batter's box, on the basepaths and in the field. Synthetic leather upper provides lightweight performance and durability. Microperf synthetic quarter panel with mesh vents allows optimum breathability and lightweight performance. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture, keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Direct injection molded external heel counter allows removal of internal heel counter, reducing weight and adding comfort. Overlasted midsole for low-profile speed visual. Performance EVA molded sockliner provides lightweight cushioning and comfort. Dual Plate Technology for lighter shoe with more flexibility. Heel and forefoot plates are TPU of different densities-heel is softer for better shock absorption, forefoot is firmer for better response and push off. Rotational Traction cleat configuration optimizes rotational capability. TPU performance outsole plates with metal spikes in forefoot and TPU molded cleats in the heel.  Wt. 16.2 oz.

Ambitious Worx Anti-static Work Hiker Lows. All-day comfort starts from the ground up! Here you go. Replace your old stompers with these rugged workaholics. Especially when a style change means big bucks off! Tough nubuck leather uppers; Anti-slip and oil-resistant polyurethane outsole offers grip, cushioning; Impact-absorbing polyurethane midsole; Static dissipation; Removable, mesh-lined dual-density insole; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue / collar; Steel shank for stability; Each is approx. 5 1/4"h., 23 ozs. State Width

Montblanc Meisterstuck 6Cc With Black Jacquard Lining Wallet

101440GRY39 Features

These mid-height Waterfall boots from Sorel are constructed of waterproof suede and feature a contoured footbed and lined midsole for comfort. Temperature rated to -40 degrees Fahrenheit, the nearly 400 grams of Thinsulate surround your feet with warmth without weight. A locking lateral side zipper makes for easy on/off. Wear these toasty boots whenever the weather dictates.	In 1908, William H. Kaufman, Inc. began manufacturing footwear. They wanted their footwear to be comfortable as well as durable while working in the cold weather. In the 1960's, they combined leather uppers, rubber bottoms and removable felt liners so the winter boots would keep your feet warm and dry. In 2000, Sorel became a division of the Columbia Sportswear Company. Sorel now offers an extensive range of comfortable and well-designed outerwear and apparel. Their footwear and apparel will help make your winter activities enjoyable by supplying quality products that are warm, dry, and comfortable. Sorel SOS Tezzeron Work Sock and the Sorel SOS Wanham Steel Toe Work Crew Sock come with a one year guarantee. These socks are tough! Boots with great value! Sorel Blizzard II Boot with a lug outsole. These are water and wind proof. Sorel Caribou II Boot nubuck leather upper. Sorel Conquest Boot is waterproof nubuck and suede leather upper.

Ecco Receptor Phantoms... named for their near-invisible weight and swift movement?! SAVE BIG! At about 10 ozs. apiece, you'll barely know they're on... except when you're appreciating the cushion and support! These casuals / athletics are built with typical Ecco excellence... that usually costs $90 in exclusive stores. A Close-Out Sale, saves you cash on these right here and now! Suede and full-grain leather uppers with durability and looks to spare; Ecco Receptor rubber outsole with flex channels for grip and natural foot movement; Phylon midsole absorbs impact, as does the removable, Taibrelle-lined padded insole; Ecco exo-skeleton shank for stability; Mesh lining wicks moisture; Padded tongue and collar; Approx. 4" h. State Full European Size. (U.S. equivalent)

The moccasin is back and looking better than ever in the Emu Australia Mocca. This stylish suede moccasin features sheepskin lining for warmth and comfort. Rubber bottom promotes outdoor wear.

In this luxurious Baylor Bears Super Soft Slipper, your feet will slip away to a land of blissful content. A great gift for any member of the family and perfect for the holidays! Officially licensed by the NCAA.

What better way to show your love than with this adorable heart-shaped leather key chain? Pefect as a birthday gift, a thank-you gift, a "truce" offering ... or surprise someone with it just because! The beautiful red leather is accented with a "Made in Italy" stamp on one side.*About Gianni's Leather Miniature Accessories*	Each leather accessory is hand-crafted in Italy using premium vegetable-tanned Vacchetta leather and innovative applications of ancient stitching techniques. His unique designs are sure to bring a smile to gift recipients of all ages. The leather says "Eternally Classy", the inventive designs say "Unique", and the Italian origin says "Only the Best"!

Cushioning and support for the mild-to-moderate overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support, 3M reflective material adds night safety, speed lace loops offer secure fit. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot adds maximum shock absorption, Stability Web offers midfoot support and torsional stability, medial EVA post positioned to control pronation. Solid rubber outsole with N-durance(TM) heel pad, heel cleft reduces rate of pronation, anatomically designed forefoot flex grooves.

The design for the Serpente CX men's soccer cleats, like the look of all great footwear, is inspired by snakes. You might question the wisdom of basing a shoe on a snake considering -- 1) Snakes are about the last thing you'd want anywhere near your feet, and 2) Snakes don't actually have any feet, and so are by definition incapable of wearing shoes at all. You obviously aren't a professional shoe designer, however.The Serpente CX is a soccer cleat, after all, so a snake is an obvious role model. Serpents embody many of the qualities need for success in soccer -- they're quick and elusive, they can be aggressive, ready to strike whenever needed, and they have that thing where they swallow an egg whole and lay around for a few days with a funny looking lump in their bodies until they digest it. Ok, that last one doesn't make much sense, soccer-wise, so let's call that quality "perseverance."

Kenneth Cole, an American designer known for both his social conscience and chic, urban aesthetic, translates what's hip and what's now to your life, and to your closet. With a variety of styles, all with the distinctive Kenneth Cole flair, these handbags are sure to make a statement.

An inexpensive way to help the environment! Wide bottom makes it easier to fit bulky groceries   or other items. Plus, four sides leave lots of decorating space.Durable 12-ounce cotton twillCotton web handles reinforced with stress-point stitchingDimensions

Find out what everyone is raving about. The comfort and support of these classic Birkenstock sandals are unparalleled. The Milano features Birk?s trademark contoured suede-lined cork foot bed, adjustable leather and ankle straps, and a shock-absorbing outsole.	This is the real deal. Cork, leather, a buckle or two

Bella Vita, which means "beautiful life," is contemporary lifestyle footwear created with attention to fit and comfort while keeping current trends in mind. Attention is given to size and width and in styling from casual to special occasion.

Get your kids the shoes that kicked off a phenomenon. The classic style of Crocs now has College colors for a great addition to your child's fan gear collection. It weighs only ounces and has a loose fit to allow feet to bend and expand naturally. This shoe is made specifically to allow an easy on and off, perfect for any child. Ventilation ports filter water and debris away from the foot. Made with Croslite PCCR material, this shoe is also anti-microbial and odor resistant, so long car rides with your kids won't be hard to endure. It also has a  slip-resistant and non-marking sole.

Highly-ventilated AIRmesh upper. CMEVA midsole with Composite Wave in Double Parallel Wave configuration. SensorPoint, VS-1, Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation. Solid rubber forefoot , X-10 carbon rubber heel. Weight 12.3 oz.

The Birkenstock Arizona is a classic from the makers of the best comfort shoes in the business. Bi-lateral stabilizers between the heel and forefoot provide excellent support and effortless comfort.	No need to ponder what shoes or sandals to wear like your gal does. Just toss on the Birkenstock Men\\222s Arizona Sandal and head out the door with your beach chair. These sandals\\222 adjustable leather straps and comfy molded footbeds give you every reason to scram to the shore and hang with the guys.Product FeaturesWaterproofing

The Under Armour Bomber Trainer baseball shoe has a synthetic leather and breathable mesh upper that provides lightweight performance and maximum breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture, keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Removable tongue flap. Full-length EVA midsole provides added comfort, cushioning and dispersing of cleat pressure. Performance insole offers maximum step in comfort and cushioning. Rubber outsole with UA lugs add excellent traction and durability. Midfoot TPU support shank extends into forefoot, providing excellent torsional rigidity. Wt. 12.4 oz.

Step out in edgy, chic styling in this ankle wedge boot from Klub Nico. The Karyn features a gathered leather upper with bold metallic accents over a peep toe for a look that wows. A convenient side zip makes on-and-off quick and easy for the woman on the go.	You're sure to be right on trend with this sexy military-inspired peep-toe bootie. Distinguishing details include ruching along the vamp and metallic covered buttons. Karyn's low-wedge offers a bit more stability and also features an inside zipper for easy on and off.

Enhanced internal foam package for the Team Basketball player. Soft, full-grain leather upper with chrome detailing. PU sockliner provides maximum comfort. Herringbone traction rubber outsole adds durability. Weight 16.8 oz.

Go back to the classics in the SKECHERS Klone sneaker. Suede upper in a casual skate sneaker style with stitching and overlay detail, lace up front.

Adidas' Winter Hi Sport Goofy boots for infants and toddlers are the perfect boots for keeping tiny feet warm and dry. Featuring a pull-on design with easy pull-clasp closure on the cuff, sporty rubber tread on the out-soles, fleecy in-sole lining and an adorable Goofy graphic on the shaft, these boots look as good as they feel.	Your kid will love the adidas Winterboot Goofy toddler winter boots, whether they share Disney's Goofy's lack of coordination or not. These cute and cozy boots feature an outsole that offers reliable traction in winter weather. Hey, little ones have a hard enough time walking without worrying about slipping, right? Add a cushiony and warm faux fleece lining and smiles will abound. And for you, the side zipper means easy on and off, without rabbits ducking through holes and loop-dee-loops. Simplify your life and put your child in the adidas Winterboot Goofy toddler winter boots!

Ruby Slippers Mousepad. Click your heels! Great for home, office or college.

sweater pink fabric 80

Suede/mesh upper with foam sockliner and rubber outsole.

sweater pink fabric 85

The Under Armour Metal Superturf lacrosse shoe features a breathable synthetic leather upper with a full-length mesh vent that provides lightweight performance and maximum breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wicks moisture to help keep the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Direct-injected molded heel cap and midfoot cage add outstanding fit and stability. Full- length EVA midsole offers added comfort and cushioning. Performance EVA molded sockliner gives lightweight cushioning and comfort. Midfoot TPU support shank extends into forefoot, providing excellent torsional rigidity. Rubber outsole with aggressive UA lugs delivers excellent durability and traction on wet AstroTurf, Field Turf or hard grass fields. Wt. 13.6 oz.

These exceptional quality All-Over Genuine king cobra snake skin cowboy boots are handmade by one of the finest exotic boots manufacturers, Los Altos. Los Altos offers sensational exotic skin boots that are completely hand crafted and hand stitched. The inside is a butter soft lambskin leather for superior comfort and the sole is handstitched in leather for excellent traction. The insole is cushioned for added shock absorption. These boots will fit up to a "EE" width due to the soft lambskin interior leather.  		Los Altos doesn't use the "painted-on" process to color these boots like other manufacturers; instead, they use a special tanning process to glaze the premium grade cobra.

Women's 5 Inch Spike Heel Double Band Suede Slide With Rhinestone Trim

Safety glasses, hard hats, work gloves - you have to gear up just to work. But, if you don't have protection on your feet, all effort can be wasted. Wear Wolverine 3711 Durashocks Waterproof Insulated Steel-Toe Boots, and wear a stylish look of safety. Wear eight inches of Performance leather, made with pigskin for durability. If it's good enough for football, it's strong enough for any Working Man, right? The brown laces and half-band around the top become stylish accents. Inside, you'll feel the breathable softness of Cambrelle lining. Lightweight Cambrelle can absorb up to 350% its own dry weight - leaving you with nothing but dry comfort. Dual-density polymer footbeds bring two layers of cushioned softness, removable for easy cleaning (meaning odor removal). But it's the 200 gram weight insulation that you'll love. The lightweight Thinsulate warms while withstanding cooler temperatures (up to negative thirty degrees if you're active). Fiberglass shanks add support, reducing fatigue in legs and ankles. They're also waterproof throughout, with sturdy direct-attach construction that seals out water. Wolverine's 30-day comfort guarantee says you'll love them - or you won't have to live with them. It all rests on polyurethane outsoles, lighter than rubber but stronger and more impact-resisting. The lug design gives you great traction, while slip-resistant soles help you hang on tight. Wolverine's Durashocks technology helps feet grip while absorbing impact. Electrical hazard certification and ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 steel toes keep you safe on the job, both from falling objects and static electricity (not to mention, it helps protect electronics). Non-marking, oil-resistant soles let you walk anywhere - corrosive chemicals are no match. Get yourself a pair of Wolverine 3711 Durashocks Waterproof Insulated Steel-Toe Boots, proudly made in the U.S.A. If you don't have the right protection, you aren't wearing Wolverines. Just in case this isn't exactly what you're

Give your feet a nice home for the summer with the Maresca slingback sandal from Apepazza. This fun and casual sandal has a canvas upper with contrast stitching, a playful rounded open toe, a heel sling with an adjustable buckle closure, and a stuffed adornment on the vamp for extra flair. It also features soft linings, a lightly cushioned insole, a braided jute wedge and low platform, and a textured rubber outsole for sure footing and a confident step. The Maresca is a perfect complement to your warm weather wardrobe. Protective bag included for storage.	Apepazza Women's 'Maresca' Slingback Wedge sandal features a peeptoe with hemp around the heel.

The industrial-strength, lace-to-toe boot from Dr. Martens is ready for the toughest jobsite or the harshest fashion critic. These rugged boots feature a slip-resistant PVC outsole combined with lightweight PU midsole, plus an A.N.S.I. rated steel toe. These boots are ANSI/OSHA approved.	Tough protection and tender comfort combine in these Dr. Martens 6" Steel Toe Work Boots. SAVE BIG! Work hard, but give your feet a break! Ladies, with the famous Dr. Martens Air Wair sole, each step in these Work Boots is like walking on a cushion of air. They're made of durable, full-grain waxy leather that's water resistant and great looking. The padded collars are soft around your ankles, and the Triple D-ring system helps you lace them up quickly. My deal with the manufacturer means you pay far less! Just look at these features

PLEASER,Mini-Platform,LipLIP-107, 5" Unit Bottom SandalAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

This simple hoops shoe will get you around the court in comfort. It offers great padding and a medium-high cut for comfort and stability. Now, all you have to do is hit the J.	Jump just as high in the Ultra Mid, the full-grain mid-cut leather basketball shoe that provides snug comfort and great ankle support. Superior support includes exceptional cushioning, traction, and durability. Reebok's Ultra series guarantees maximum comfort with a die cut EVA midsole for cushioning, and a herringbone pattern outsole for traction on the court.

Open air mesh upper with synthetic leather overlays. CMEVA midsole, structured a3 energy management technology provides cushioning, guidance and stability. Carbon rubber outsole. Weight 16.4 oz.

Stacy Adams creates the perfect casual slip-on for men who won't sacrifice style for comfort. The Bay is a traditional moccasin-style loafer with contrast stitched details and soft leather construction, plus a durable, non-skid rubber outsole. Wear them for work or leisure, for weekends or day trips -- they're the perfect footwear for any laid-back occasion.	Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.

This one of a kind Knee Hi has a message as simple as the alphabet to share with you. "BE YOUR OWN ALL STAR" is displayed on the outer side of the shoe for your world to view. The signature patch is an added must, with all letters of the aphabet as an added plus. Black Monochrome sole with which it is equipped makes it for some, the perfect gift. If you wear these Winter Flower shoes, you will be blooming all year long.

Leather upper. Sculpted EVA midsole. Non-marking solid rubber outsole.

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted A Kenneth Cole Production makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.	This beaded sandal adds serious summer sparkle to your lookSynthetic upper with beaded and jewel accentsLightly padded footbedManmade sole

clint dark brown 120

The Betula Funk features a 2-band Nubuck leather upper with buckles that can be adjusted for your own comfort and support.Product Specifications

Corcoran 10" Combat Boots with Lug Outsole... prepare for duty with these durable Boots! Battle-ready Stompers! These babies are ready for warm weather action with a moisture-wicking, shock-absorbing DRYZ insole to keep your feet comfortable. And you'll always look your best with smooth, "spit-shineable" black leather uppers. The Boots have a super-durable, long-lasting oil-resistant lug outsole with excellent traction for all-terrain stability. More

American Optics Gold GI 52mm Air Force Pilots Sunglasses - Scratch-Resistant Glass Lenses With 100% UV Protector. Made In USA By US Government Supplier American Optics. Grey True Color Glass Lenses. Steel Allot Frames With Bayonet Temples. Includes Storage Case.

THIS OUTSTANDING GARMENT SHIELD IS WORN OVER THE BRA AND AROUND THE CUPS. ENLARGED SIDES OF SHIELDS PROVIDE MAXIMUM PROTECTION THAT STAYS IN PLACE WITHOUT PINS. BACK CLOSURE IS DESIGNED TO NOT INTERFERE WITH BRA. REGULAR SHAPED SHIELDS EXTEND 3 3/4" UNDER THE ARM. SHIELDS HAVE SEAM.	See Size Chart Located In The Images Section		Refunds and Exchanges		Exchanges and refunds are gladly accepted within 30 days of order date. Original 		labels must not be removed from clothing. Clothing cannot be returned if washed or 		worn. Clothing must not be soiled, stained or have holes. Any opened and partially 		used products are not returnable or exchangeable.		 PLEASE NOTE

204425WCG7 Features

DIESEL SAVILLE LOW-PROFILE LACE UP LEATHER LINED COLLAR MESH UPPER & SOCK LINING PADDED SOCK WITH "D-DIESEL" SCREEN PRINT * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--LOW PROFILE "HANSEL & GRETEL" OUTSOLE * MEDIUM WIDTH * USE LEATHER CLEANER* IMPORT

The Court King has a full-grain leather upper with friction foxing tape and a new-wave rubber toe design. Lighter, slimmer construction in uni-sex sizing. Natural rubber outsole.

Model stylish!  This chic open toe wedge is a must have for every fashion diva!  The high wedge, open toe design will drive the guys wild and make all your friends jealous!  Rubber sole so you wont lose your grip, padded insole for comfort, stop looking and buy now!  This style features a suede upper!

Theres nothing like slipping on warm, dry boots before setting off into the woods on a cold snowy day. These DryGuy Circulators do the trick not only beforehand but after the hike, ski trip, or hunt, when that damp footwear needs to be dried out overnight for the next days adventure. The two plastic bulb-shaped circulators slip inside any pair of shoes or boots, and each has four feet to lift it slightly off the insole for better ventilation. A line of holes on the top and bottom of each bulb allows air to circulate by means of convection, eliminating moving parts that could break. A six-foot cord plugs into any outlet, and a 32-inch cord connects the two bulbs. Lightweight and measuring 5 by 2 by 1-1/4 inches, the Circulator bulbs make a barely noticeable--but very welcome--addition to a backpack or RV. --Ann Bieri	The DryGuy Circulators are affordable, portable dryers that move air through convection. No fan is used, so moving parts are eliminated. This dryer and warmer moves air heated an average of 30 degrees F, resulting in a body temperature environment and ensuring that temperatures never reach above 99 degrees F. The design features integral molded-power cord strain relief and feet to elevate the Circulator off the boot or shoe to allow complete circulation and foot bed protection.

Mundi is not just any company, they are one of the nation's largest manufacturers of ladies' small leather goods and accessories. Their products are fashionable, fun, and functional.

The first baseball cleat that does it all! The adidas Excel IC features interchangeable 3-in-1 outsole technology that lets you adjust your cleats to match any playing surface  from indoor turf to firm ground outdoors. Wear it for indoor/outdoor practice or on game day. The dual-density TPU outsole comes with fixed metal replacement cleats for firm ground, TPU cleats for soft ground and turf cleats for indoor use. This "triple-play" shoe features a lightweight synthetic leather upper for durability, while the performance non-slip mesh lining, EVA insole and CMEVA midsole provide lightweight cushioning and comfort in the heat of competition. Wt. 15.6 oz.

Wolverine 1717 Men's Fusion Steel-Toe 6-Inch Burnt Maple Boot

This model was discontinued by the Manufacturer in 2009.  There is a newer model available.   Start every day in dry, warm, odor-free footwear with the PEET Shoe Dryer. The Peet Shoe Dryer is the four-season, family shoe dryer that will dry all of your footwear safely, silently, and thoroughly overnight. The Shoe Dryer's powerful, silent, thermal action sends warm air circulating through footwear removing wetness and odor while preventing boot and shoe damage. There is no forced air or excessive heat to damage expensive footwear. The Shoe Dryer is ideal for all types of footwear including leather, canvas, vinyl, rubber, plastics and more. Optional extensions are available to dry knee boots, hip boots, and waders. Extensions must be used to dry footwear over 12-inches in height. Glove drying attachments are also available.	Quiet convection dryingTemperature limiting heating elements will not overheatComes with two footwear dry ports to dry one pair of bootsAccepts helmet and glove dry ports25 year warrantyAll items are sold individually unless specifically described otherwise in the product description

Soft, full-grain leather upper offers fit and support, authentic NFL Equipment logo and sockliner, lateral/medial open-mesh vents. IMEVA midsole adds impact absorption, integrated TPU midfoot support piece provides lateral stability and snug fit. Aggressive field turf outsole delivers traction on multiple surfaces, DMX Flow-Pak brings moving cushioning, load distribution and responsive ride.

4 inch Heel Mary Jane Women's Size Shoe.

His or Her Yukon Muck Mid Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Waterproof travelers! Rubber foot is totally waterproof; Waterproof neoprene uppers; Rubber calendar outsole for traction; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole; Reinforced rubber heel, toe and side bumpers; Approx. 9 1/2"h., 23 ozs. each. State Full Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order Now! AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Toes stay toasty in these classic moccasin slippers from Minnetonka.  Soft suede upper in a casual moccasin slipper style, with a stitched and seamed moc style round toe with contrast lacing detail, matching collar overlay and fabric cording that cinches through collar and ties at front.  Soft, warm wool lining, cushioned wool topped insole.  Flexible casual midsole.  Wrap-under suede indoor style outsole.

Hidden rear zippered pouch Adjustable shoulder strap -Materials

American made with Sorbothane added to the heels for shock absorption for hard heel strike on beam, floor, or vault. Whole sizes only. Color-White and Flesh Tone.

Dollhouse Footwear represents the best of the latest trends to the young footwear customer, offering styles that are fashion-forward and designed for hip, style-driven young women at affordable prices. Dollhouse Footwear branded shoes, boots, and accessories are always the latest in trendy, up-and-coming fashion.

Extreme sportsmen will appreciate both the high-tech and good-looking design of this heavy-duty boot from Wolverine. Loaded with safety and comfort features, the Big Horn is constructed with a super-durable leather upper with a Gore-Tex waterproof shell, convenient speed-hook/eyelet lace-up front, and canvas shaft inlays for breathability, enhanced fit and mobility. The padded tongue, collar and footbed offer added comfort and protection, while the rugged treaded rubber sole is designed to withstand all types of terrain.	Every hunter knows the importance of having the right hunting boots, when you're wearing the Men's Wolverine Big Horn Composite-Toe EH Insulated Gore-Tex Hunting Boots (8 in.) you won't even think twice about tracking over ten miles in the snow. The breathable GORE-TEX waterproof membrane lining keeps feet dry and pulls sweat away from the feet to avoid internal dampness, and the 600-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation provides superior warmth. Having the right tool for the job allows you to focus on the hunt and not on your feet; the Wolverine Men's Big Horn Composite-Toe EH Insulated Gore-Tex Hunting Boots (8 in.) are the right tool for the job.

Justin 12" Ranch and Road Basic Boots. Justin Boots are always made with the highest quality material, style and workmanship

Like every Timberland shoe, the Timberland Roll Top Knit casual shoe is built rugged to withstand the elements and outlast everything in your closet. Nubuck or leather upper features a knit roll top collar area for versatility. Rubber lug outsole delivers excellent traction. Rustproof hardware promotes lasting durability. Includes knit embroidered keychain.

Fun, flirtatious wedge-style heels are ideal for warm weather 	Tommy Hilfiger 'Caroline' wedge sandals feature single woven strap across vamp and closed canvas heel with tie closure 	Wedge sandals are ideal with jeans, skirts and shorts

The New Balance 719 is a well cushioned supportive running shoe with a long heritage of fit and performance. Lightweight and supportive synthetic mesh upper with reflective detail. Injection molded EVA midsole with higher density CMEVA medial post adds pronation control. ABZORB cushioning in the heel and forefoot delivers exceptional shock absorption. Stability Web offers superior support in midfoot while reducing overall weight. N-durance rubber compound provides maximum durability in high-wear areas. Blown rubber outsole is lightweight and cushioned. Wt. 12.9 oz.

HUE Women's Ruffled Pajama Socks with grippers are so soft you won't want to take them off!  The little ruffle peeks above your short boots for a warm companion on cold days and nights!

Stylish Women's Reebok CL Mules, PRICED LOW! Slip into casual comfort! A Reebok factory Close-Out saves you big bucks! Full-grain leather uppers; Grippy rubber outsole; Permanent, nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Padded tongue; Each is approx. 1 3/4"h., 11 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Today! Women's Reebok CL Mules, White

Stride Rite knows how to make shoes that are specifically tailored to the needs of your young one. These Little Kids Monterey Sandals are just the thing for everyday wear in the hot summer months. A durable rubber outsole provides traction and stability, and the leather upper is flexible enough to move with even the most active toddler. The classic closed-toe sandal design is basic and versatile, and a padded collar ensures comfort for your little girl.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Get the sport specific adidas Flanker II rugby cleats and save the football cleats for the people who have to use pads and helmets in their sport. You don't want to be associated with sports requiring protective gear anyway, do you? All you need is a little electrical tape and you're good. The adidas Flanker II rugby cleats are designed specifically for players in forward positions.The cleats feature eight screw-in studs for excellent grip on soft, natural ground to help you maintain the traction you need to prevent breaking your neck in the scrum, whether you're playing as a prop or a hooker. Rugby, the "thugs' game played by gentlemen," is a unique, often dangerous sport with different demands from soccer, football, or anything else, so if you're going to play, you need a set of cleats like the adidas Flanker II, designed specifically for the sport.

iglou brown suede 90

iglou brown suede 95

Traditional clog in a variety of materials with adjustable strap and shock-absorbing EVA outer sole. Product Specifications

Kangaroo leather upper with Predator elements, injected stripes, dual-density external heel counter eliminates rubbing, asymmetrical loop lacing, ergonomically correct fold-over tongue stays down via elastic tongue trainer. PowerPulse technology gives more shooting power through relocated weight distribution. Two-piece split TPU outsole allows increase in feel while decreasing weight. Exchangable Traxion(TM) clip-in system allows customization depending on field conditions. Magnesium studs are four times lighter than aluminum, yet are twice as strong.

Slip into something fabulous with the Mia Madira slip-on. This cute women's skimmer features a woven synthetic raffia upper with a flirty peep-toe front. The foam-cushioned footbed lends long-lasting comfort, while the Mia Madira shoe is finished with a lightweight synthetic sole for durable wear.

MOLLY-06, 3 1/2" Ruffled 3 Strap Skull & Bones Blk Pu Sandal

The Sperry Top-Sider Bahama 2-Eye Canvas are a twist between a sneaker and a boat shoe. These sneakers have a vulcanized construction secure bond between upper and outsole. The upper is made out of high quality cotton canvas and leather. These shoes also feature a non-marking outsole with Wave-siping for the ultimate wet/dry traction. The Sperry Top-Sider Bahama 2-Eye Canvas are a boat shoe sneaker!

SUEDE FURRY ROLLER * UPPER--SUEDE* BALANCE--MAN MADE* MIDSOLE--STITCH OUT WELT * MEDIUM WIDTH WEDGE HEEL * IMPORT**SAND AVAILABLE IN 9 AND 10 BLACK NOT AVAILABLE IN 6 SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY -$48.00NOW -

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The ProGrid Trigon 5 Guide running shoe provides the luxury of a great fit while offering superb cushioning and flexibility. The Guide offers an additional level of support over the Ride with a dual-density midsole. Impulse EVA midsole provides increased shock attenuation, repsonsive cushioning, durability and rebound properties. Heel ProGrid with Respon-Tek absorbs impact, dissipates shock and sets the foot up for a smooth transition. SRC Impact Zone and SRC Xtra forefoot cushioning provides shock attenuation and sets the foot up for a smooth transition. HRC Strobel Board increases cushioning and comfort. Wt. 10.2 oz.

If he wants a cool, rugged style that even his dad would sport, then he'll love Polo Ralph Lauren's Holden. It offers flawless, prep-cool style in a rich fabrication with a slip-resistant outsole that will keep him stable as he plays all day.	POLO HOLDEN Style# 90492TD Size

You're sure to adore this Sky-high sensation from Pleasers. With its ultra-tall platform, tantalizing heel, and racy, metallic finish, this sandal is leg lengthening and attention grabbing in all the right ways.	SKY-302-4, 6 3/4" Stiletto Heel Two-Band Platform Slide with Disco Balls Awaken your inner seductress. Sultry, seductive, and unabashedly sexy, the new Pleaser collection reinvents classic glamour, revamps fetish pleasure, and redefines evening elegance. Crafted on brand-new lasts to ensure superior fitting, comfort, and sizing accuracy, the superb workmanship and attention to detail is illustrated in the new Pleaser collection's tantalizing designs, daring details, and luxurious materials.

Known for comfort and quality, this flip flop from Havaianas is the perfect summer companion. The Top features a blended synthetic upper that delivers a soft, yet durable step, while the manmade sole delivers the traction from the pool to the streets.	Known for comfort and quality, this flip flop from Havaianas is the perfect summer companion. The Top features a blended synthetic upper that delivers a soft, yet durable step, while the manmade sole delivers the traction from the pool to the streets.

Keep your feet looking sweet in the adidas men's Master ST. This casual leather shoe features a puffy adidas Trefoil and a durable rubber outsole.

Walk stylishly comfortable in the latest timeless classic style of VANELi with the FC-313 flat. A whisper of a heel, leather sole and smooth leather upper provide traditional styling and contouring comfort that pairs well with many business casual or dressy ensembles.	Feel your cares slip away in this luxuriously soft flat  Choose from a variety of upper textures

Carolina Fleece Boots. SAVE BIG! Super-hardy comfort Boots! Ideal for work or a cool-weather hike. Nubuck leather uppers; Polyurethane outsole for grip and cushion; Fleece lining, plus removable, EVA-padded fleece-lined insole; Padded tongue and collar; Flexible stitch-down construction; Each approx. 7"h., 18 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order now for big savings! Women's Carolina Fleece Boots, Black

His new found steps will be better and stronger with a little help from the Nathan Stage 3 sandal from Stride Rite. This adorable sandal has a two-tone soft nubuck leather upper with contrast stitching, a padded collar for additional comfort, and a hook and loop Velcro close vamp strap for a secured and personal fit. It also features a rubber toe guard for additional protection, an ultra-cushioned insole with Stride Rite's Natural Motion System, and a durable rubber outsole with high abrasion tread for superior traction.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	Designed as one of the most innovative and technologically advanced trail running shoes ever, the Brooks Cascadia features a low stance and dual Pivot Post system to help runners maintain a more neutral position at all times. Cascadias ventilation and quick draining system make it an ideal trail running shoe in all types of weather and terrain conditions. A Unique Ballistic Rock Shield in the forefoot provides added surface protection from roots and rocks, dispersing pressure while retaining maximum flexibility. Wt. 12.7 oz.

Corcoran Men's 10" Leather Side Zip Jump Boots for dropping into war zones, looking snappy with your class As. Reason enough to join the airborne

Admit it. Converse All Stars look a little better once they've been lived in. With the Converse All Star Distressed, you don't have to wait  a distressed canvas upper provides a nice broken-in look. Rubber outsole offers traction and durability.

Bearpaw's Shona leather boot is tall & sexy.  This boot zips up the side and has a wedge heel.  The wool lining and sheepskin footbed will keep your paws warm while you look good!

100% peached twill, 100% polyester dobby inserts, contrast stitch, textured side panels, side seam and back welt pocket. Embroidered logo on hem, drawcord waistband capri, 23" inseam.

ADIDAS SUPERSTAR II K Style# 088258 Size

The sleek, modern design of the Aetrex Y600 Velcro Casual Walker demonstrates the perfect combination of comfort and style. Crafted from the finest full grain leathers and technologically advanced fabrics available, this attractive every day shoe features a smooth single Velcro strap for the ultimate convenience. The unique Ariya last provides added depth and a contoured forefoot for optimum comfort. Available in three widths, Medium (B,C), Wide (D,E), Extra Wide (EE, 3E).

Itasca Saratoga Hikers battle trails and boulders in COMFORT. PRICED RIGHT! I checked! Saratoga, NY was the site of a decisive 1777 Revolutionary War battle. These rugged Saratoga Hikers are just what you need to battle your way over boulders, thru tough trails and around city streets. Comfy? Oh, yeah! Top suede leather is married up with a nylon mesh underlay for lightweight toughness. Light lug rubber outsole resists slips and abrasion. Removable, padded cotton insole babies your feet. Padded tongue and collar. Thick toe bumper for long life. Each is 5" tall, weighs a scant 17 ozs. and has 4 ghillie / 1 eyelet lacing. State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Come in medium width. Arm yourself for trail comfort... order ONLINE now! Men's Itasca Saratoga Hikers, Brown

Key Features of the Rainbow Hemp Single Layer Eco Sandals

These sexy, slouch, Western-Styled boots will bring out your inner cowgirl!  To protect your boots & make them last longer, treat boots with a water-proofing spray for leather products before wearing outdoors.  The Clausette's Shipping Information

10" Double - H AG7 Ranch Wellington Boots. Choose between plain or steel toe to get the job done! Don't throw your hard-earned dough away on Boots that are ready to be retired as soon as they run into a little hard work. Get your feet into a pair of Double-H Boots and get your money's worth! Double-H provides some of the best boots hard-working types like yourself can buy. Heck, the crazyhorse leather uppers actually look better the harder you work them... taking on a cool "distressed" look with heavy use! Count on these Boots day in, day out

Genuine Eel skin women's large coin purse, exterior snap closure, interior coin compartment Quality Constructed for durability Eel skin is proven to be 1.5 times stronger than cowhide of the same thickness Dimensions

cult 26011 bbk 11

The New Balance 990 is a Heritage shoe featuring ABZORB cushioning and ENCAP for the moderate overpronator who requires a combination of cushioning and stability. ABZORB in heel and forefoot provides maximum shock absorption. Pigskin and mesh upper provides natural comfort, durability and breathability. Blown rubber outsole offers a lightweight, cushioned ride. C-CAP midsole provides cushioning and flexibility. ENCAP midsole adds stability while maintaining cushioning.

Fashion is where you find it. Nunn Bush found it surrounded in comfort, dedicated to style, and walking in the legacy of quality craftsmanship. Since 1912, Nunn Bush has been making shoes of unparalleled distinction. Today, all Nunn Bush shoes are constructed with the same quality materials, specially selected leathers, and handcrafting expertise that goes back generations. It's something you'll experience in the uncompromising fit, flexibility, and strength in all their footwear.

Engineered to enhance Chauncey "Mr. Big Shot" Billups' bold style, this adidas C-Billups Old Vegas basketball shoe provides breathability and comfort. Inspired by old Vegas, the upper is laser-etched and made of lightweight ultra-rich materials for comfort and durability. CMEVA midsole, Torsion System adds midfoot integrity and enhanced midfoot support. Rubber outsole with herringbone pattern delivers traction, durability and comfort. Wt. 15.2 oz.

A simple shoe like this is never the wrong selection. This A-line slip-on from Giorgio Brutini features tumbled leather construction and a durable leather sole.	A-Line Slip-On.

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music and pop culture. Youre sure to have a positive reaction to this stylish, versatile and affordable collection.	She'll be the belle of the ball in this pretty dress sandal  Clear upper with flower detailing  Adjustable buckle closure  TPR outsole with 2" Lucite heel  Whole sizes only, half sizes order next size up

Made for looking tough and keeping you completely comfortable, this Alley boot from Skechers will prove itself to you in no time. It has a work boot design, but it's lighter in weight so it can take you from one casual day to the next. The padded collar and tongue will deliver additional ankle support, while the lugged outsole will ensure a strong step.	Take your look for a spin in the Alley Cats oxford from Skechers. The leather upper maintains a rugged profile for street-wise style. Rubber sole takes a flexible stance for urban exploration.

Sandro Moscoloni has been making fine handcrafted footwear for over thirty years, and the commitment to quality and style is the utmost goal. After many years of intense research and product testing, Sandro Moscoloni created the anatomic gel construction -- it has now been over five years and the true test of their success has been proven in the marketplace with an overwhelmingly positive response from customers. They hear almost daily that they have created "the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn." In combining the natural leather uppers, sheepskin linings, cushioned insoles, and the exclusive Anatomic Gel Construction, Sandro Moscoloni has developed the ultimate comfort shoe. Product research and creativity continue to evolve, and they offer many different patterns and exclusive designs giving today's discerning consumer the feel and look they desire.	Sandro Moscoloni Twin Gore Rocky Casuals, SAVE! Suave, tall and very handsome! A Sandro Moscoloni creation, these Rocky Casuals provide outstanding good looks, combined with substantial comfort. Full body leather lining combined with twin gore panels grip each foot snugly, for a custom fit. This style was discontinued for next year, so you get your pair for way below the original designer price! Top quality

Keep your style fresh and simple with the Stan Smith II from adidas! It is a retro tennis shoe that features supple leather uppers with perforated side striping for breathability. Contrasting logo overlay at heel for a hint of classic style. Lightly padded tongue and footbed for comfort with court style traction patterned outsole to provide durable grip.  Style #0348.

Cedar shoe trees allow shoes to dry in original shape. Cedar wood pulls damaging moisture, acids and salts from leather. Shoes last longer, look better, and feel more comfortable.

Walking is pure pleasure in David Tate's instantly delightful sling  Lambskin leather upper  Leather-covered, foam cushioned insole  Flexible rubber sole  1/2 heel  Gored, adjustable buckle NOTE

The Tommy Hilfiger brand has become a symbol of the all-American spirit and continues to be regarded as one of the most recognized global lifestyle brands. The Tommy Hilfiger Footwear collection is fun, glamorous and designed to recharge your wardrobe. Stay a step ahead in great spirited colors and luxurious fabrics with Tommy Hilfiger footwear.

The Full Metal Alchemist key chain measures approximately 3 inches.

The ASICS GEL-1100 is the running shoe that provides exceptional cushioning and stability for runners at any ability level. Light, comfortable synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper enhances performance and fit. Forefoot SpEVA cushioning component offers lightweight cushioning plus durability. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems improve shock attenuation and reduce weight. The DuoMax medial post provides stability and shores the midfoot. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. Lateral rearfoot flex grooves offer rearfoot shock attenuation at initial impact. Two-piece DuraSponge outsole adds flexibility and cushioning. AHAR heel plug helps reduce excessive wear. Wt. 10.3 oz.

These are no cute cartoon slippers  they're fiery red dragon slippers that would look great on anyone's feet! An original creation by Ron Spencer. One size fits most.

cult 26011 wbk 10

cult 26011 wbk 11

Employee Pick

Full-grain leather upper with Official NFL Equipment logo on heel, speed lacing system provides snug fit, comfort and convenience. Turf-inspired outsole offers maximum traction on multiple artificial surfaces.

Offering a fashionable, multi-strap, free heel look that goes great with skirts and casual wear, the Chaco Wrapsody women's sandal also supports the foot for all day comfort whether traveling or just running errands. The soft polyester webbing feels comfortable against the skin and pulls through channels underneath the foot for easy adjustment on those chilly days that call for wearing socks. Like all sandals in Chaco's Z/rivative line, the Chaco Wrapsody sandal is equipped with a durable, non-marking Vibram outsole, known for all-terrain traction if your walks take you beyond the city streets. To support extended time on your feet, Chaco developed the BioCentric footbed contour, included as an integral part of the Chaco Wrapsody sandal. Carrying the Seal of Acceptance from the American Podiatric Medical Association, this footbed contour aligns the foot in the neutral position for a healthy, biomechanically correct stride.

Skipper this! LEATHER Sebago Cassis Boat Shoes for comfort and style. Aye Mate, now PRICED LESS! No U.S.S. Minnow here! The yacht of Boat Shoes just docked at Bargain Outfitters. They're well made of rugged, long-lasting premium leather. Comfortable? Yessir. You'll want to wear 'em for more than a 3-hour tour. Millionaire Thurston Howell III of the classic Gilligan's Island would give his wife's necklace for a pair. Wear yours with khakis, dungarees and shorts... on watercraft or on land. Now you can catch the "boat" for much less than shops at the mall! Let's go

The Prince NFS II indoor shoes feature the distinctive Prince styling with anatomically constructed upper to keep your feet protected and comfortable from the extreme demands of a game where serious pressure is placed on your joints. Built on the Natural Foot Shape last, the lightweight NFS Indoor shoes provide instant, no break-in comfort and support for players seeking exceptional stability and cushioning. The NFS last is famous for the generous fit, particularly in the forefoot. Breathable mesh areas and soft synthetic leather upper provide excellent rigidity to keep your foot planted inside the shoe and restrict movement whilst keeping them cool. The EVA midsole, anatomical and removable EVA sock liner, non-marking rubber sole and special lacing system take this further by working together to provide excellent shock absorption and keeping your feet moving quickly so you get to your next shot with ease.

Men's Florsheim Eurocasual Oxfords. Florsheim's Eurocasual Oxfords are extremely flexible so they're incredibly comfortable... like your cozy slippers. Check out the details

When winter is at its worst, turn to this Toe Warmers waterproof boot  Leather/urethane upper  Waterproof leather foot  Waterproof urethane shaft  Heat reflecting insole  Warm sherpa pile lining  Side zipper for easy on/of  Rubber-like traction sole  1-1/8 heel

For a shoe that will take you from running up the sails at the start of the regatta to your seat at the admiral's table that night, bet on this Gold Cup boat shoe from Sperry Top-Sider. A cut above the usual deck shoe, you'll find it lined with deerskin and finished with easy-care, stain- and water- resistant leather. Its secret edge? The immense comfort found in its hand-sewn construction, padded tongue, and dual-density, molded EVA-cushioned midsole. The trademarked outsole technology employs Wave Siping for premier wet/dry stability.	Sperry       Top-Sider Boat Shoes...Universal Appeal Year After Year!           Sperry     Top-Sider Mens Gold Cup Series Boat Shoes feature

The adidas Diamond King Low baseball cleats will help you assure that you spend more time on the field and less time on the pine.  Please don't confuse the adidas Diamond King Low baseball cleats with the heavy metal singer King Diamond.  If you're a Kevin Smith fan, you'd recognize his song "Welcome Home" from Clerks2. Though they are both acclaimed as masters of their respective duties, King Diamond paints his face and sings metal in falsetto while the adidas Diamond King digs into the dirt and makes the competition cry like little girls.  The only thing really tying these two together is the metal reference, with the adidas Diamond King Low baseball shoes' metal cleats, and even that's a stretch.Regardless of Kings and Diamonds, the adidas Diamond King Low baseball cleats are an outstanding baseball cleat that will help you take your game to the next level. "Grandma, what was it like, to be on that holiday site..." Oh, sorry. It's stuck in my head now.

The adidas KAJ, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's first signature shoe, started the signature shoe craze in 1978. This updated version is inspired by Kareem's signature shoe of 1982. Full-grain leather upper is soft, supportive and comfortable. Classic rubber herringbone outsole provides great traction.

Founded more than 40 years ago in Van Nuys, California, K-Swiss introduced the first all-leather tennis shoe, the K-Swiss Classic, in 1966. Since its inception, K-Swiss has rooted itself in California Sport with an aim to be the most inspiring and innovative athletic brand in the market. Today, the company offers performance and lifestyle footwear and apparel for several categories under its California Sports umbrella including Tennis Heritage, California Fit (Running, Triathlon and Fitness) and California Youth.	Designed to keep your feet cool in the heat of the match, the K-Swiss Glaciator SCD men's tennis shoe features the Fautex moisture-management technology that helps keep your shoe dry and odor-free. The DuraWrap XDE high-abrasion toe guard provides durability and breathability with every step.

Synthetic leather upper provides lightweight durability. Non-slip lining offers comfort and performance. EVA insole adds comfort. CMEVA midsole. Injected Pebax plate with fixed metal cleats. Wt. 15.4 oz.

Founded in 1983, Nautica has evolved from a collection of men's outerwear to a leading global lifestyle brand with products ranging from men's, women's, and children's apparel and accessories to a complete home collection. Nautica products are styled with timeless design and premium quality that enhance today's energetic lifestyles, yet they recognize the need and desire for balance.

Dunham fits. Dunham products are made to fit your life, your needs, your activities, and most importantly, your feet. Dunham makes outdoor, work and casual shoes in more sizes and widths than anyone else. This means that no matter what path you take, Dunham fits.

With its special Arch Ladder Tread, the Metro Traction line has superior grip on rope rappels and ladders. With classic Original SWAT fit and comfort, this is the boot you need for excellent traction under the most dangerous conditions.

A Swedish classic. It's made of strong metal that won't bend or break. The form of the shoehorn cups the heel and guides it softlyinto the shoe.

Sunset Boulevard	Stipple quilted lemony-lime and pink floral hues on a pale pink background call out the fun palm trees and architectural elements of many popular Californian destinations. This all occasion design is completed with the signature Donna Sharp lining and features extensive detailing, useful pockets, closures and straps. Sophisticated - yet subtle enough to mix with your favorite everyday look!!		What makes Quilts By Donna Sharp so special ? 	Beautiful designs, quality handcrafting and attention to detail are our trademarks. A Kentucky native and 5th generation quilter, Donna Sharp selects her own fabrics and applies her unique gift for color and design to this traditional American art form making each quilt, handbag and accessory a stunning success. Our quilts feature twice the normal stitch rate of hand-quilted pieces, adding strength, beauty and value to each item. Superior quality fabrics showcase unique colors and textures blending traditional favorites with innovative styles. From small piecing to intricately detailed borders and reversible backing, Donna's gift for design is evident every step of the way. Donna Sharp quilts and quilted items are true heirloom quality from start to finish.		Lori Tote 	Measures 13 x 10 x 6 	Snap closure on top flap 	1 outside pouch with velco closure 	2 side expansion snaps 	3 inside zippered compartments 	6 inside pouches

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	SAVE BIG on these Rockport Waterproof Moc-toe Chukkas. 100% waterproof, 100% good looking, and big bucks off! These wear-almost-anywhere Chukkas will lock out every drippy drop of the wet stuff! Yup, it's another discontinued style deal that gives you extra money for your budget. Rockport, one step ahead since 1971

As seen the XXL magazine and Vibe magazine, these exceptional quality Alligator Shoes are handmade by one of the finest exotic Italian Shoes manufacturers, Mauri. Mauri offers sensational alligator shoes that are completely hand crafted and hand stitched in Italy. The inside is a butter soft lambskin leather for superior comfort and the sole is hand stitched in leather for excellent traction. The insole is cushioned for added shock absorption. These shoes will fit a Medium width up to a "D" width due to the soft lambskin interior leather. 		The Mauri Custom Alligator Collection doesn't use the "painted-on" process to color these shoes like other manufacturers; instead, they use a special aniline process to dye the premium grade Alligator that the selected color permeates the skins thoroughly. The skins maintain its color for a lifetime and becomes more beautiful with age.		Mauri's main focus is quality and main direction is aggressive high-profile men's fashion footwear. From television to music videos to recording artists, the Mauri brand has been seen all over the world.

The men's Adidas Excelsion 5 Mid baseball cleat features a sturdy upper with a non-slip lining for comfort, durability and performance. The c4s, 4x3 circular cleat configuration, is biochemically designed to reduce slippage, increase stability, agility, balance, and acceleration. adiPrene provides excellent shock absorption and adiPrene+ maintains forefoot propulsion and efficiency.

These are high quality soft suave leather extra large sexy shoulder handbag purses. They are gorgeous in a very hip kind of way. They are handmade of rich stunning luscious solid light brown buttery textured 100% genuine leather. There is a classy 6" multi-stranded tassel at the end of the leather pull top closure for this stunning bag. In addition, the two shoulder straps have a unique woven leather rope design with circular silver attachments to the bag and there are also attractive stitched leather attachments on both the front and back of this beautiful handbag. The top has a pull closure with large bright silver grommets to keep all your belongings safe and secure. Make a statement without saying a word!The extra large interior has both a zippered pocket and a cell phone pocket on one side and is fully lined including both interior pockets. The bag measures approximately 12 inches tall, 16 inches wide and 2 inches deep at the base. The decorative leather non-adjustable hand/shoulder straps are approximately 21 inches long with a 10 inch drop. This is a sexy shoulder handbag purse with super flexible leather that will make a stylish addition to your wardrobe. This elegant handbag was handcrafted in Ecuador by expert leather crafters and comes complete with our tag. It can best be cared for by applying petroleum jelly oil or mineral oil with a clean dry cloth. Colors may vary slightly from the pictures shown. Why pay inflated name brand prices? The comparable retail price is $600.00 and your normal price is only $209.95 but this Limited Time Special 50% Off is only $104.95.This is quality merchandise at a great price. The only problem is that it is made in and shipped from Ecuador, a small country in South America, so shipping time and if necessary returns are longer than usual. We ship via Postal Services within 24 hours of purchase, 6 days a week, and normal delivery time is 10 to 21 days.

Synthetic upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, lateral Torsion System support, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole.

liner fuschia leather 100

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	Women's responsive stability trainer for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and stability.

Synthetic leather and mesh upper, rubber outsole with nylon spike plate. 7.2 oz.

They do respect you, but they love to watch you strut. SAVE BIG on these Harley-Davidson Belize Boots. Heeled, smooth and sleek with some "edge"... in this case, a super-cool studded toe and heel. Sure to cause rubberneck slow-down. Yup, it's what you'll get with these Harley-Davidson Boots. BIG savings! No fine tuning needed

For dress. For casual. Lace-free Red Wing Twin Gore Pull-ons offer in-step COMFORT. Now, BIG BUCKS OFF! Spiffy enough for dress or semi-dress. Comfortable, too, for casual wear! Get the best of all worlds with these dynamite Pull-ons by famous Red Wing. Sink your feet inside and discover the extreme cushioning and stability. Just the ticket for miles of wear. Seems a discontinued style discounts the usual in-store price for you! Strut your stuff

Women's Reebok Supercourt Athletics, SAVE BIG! For basketball, tennis, general athletics and casual jaunts, these are all-purpose Shoes. Comfortable. And an average of a mere 13 ozs. apiece. Stylish leather uppers; Grippy rubber outsole; Impact-absorbing, dual-density, blown-rubber midsole; Removable, nylon-lined polyurethane insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon / mesh lining; Padded tongue / collar; Rubber toe bumper for extended wear. State Size. Medium width. Get Yours! Women's Reebok Supercourt Athletics, White

This rugged leather 6 work boot doesn't skimp on comfort  Leather upper  Guaranteed Nitrile sole is guaranteed to outwear its leather upper  Goodyear welt construction  Dirt-excluding gusseted tongue  Velvet-eez air cushioned insole  Steel toe rates M I/75 C/75 in accordance with ASTM F2412-05  F2413-05

The Joan & David brand emerged in 1968 and went on to become an internationally known name in women's footwear. Joan & David blends classic sophistication with a fresh, stylish attitude, employing high-quality materials and craftsmanship for lasting quality.

Put more "spring" in your step with Spira's Classic walking shoe. Its dual spring technology reduces harsh impact so that you'll have complete comfort with every step. The durable leather upper and traditional lace-up is practical for every day, and full cushioning and traction will take you anywhere you want to go.	Put more spring in your step with the SpiraClassic Leather - Women. This women's walking shoe features dual spring technology that reduces harsh impactso that you'll have complete comfort with every step. The durableleather upper and traditional lace-up closure is practical for every day, andfull cushioning and traction will take you anywhere you want to go. This Spira walking shoe delivers exceptional comfort for serious and casual walkers, people who are on their feet throughout the day, or for those who must stand for long periods of time. Get unparalleled cushioning and energy return in the Spira Classic Leather - Women!

Playful and practical, the Western Chief Camo rain boot is an easy solution to puddle splashing and rainy days. No-fuss handles make it easy for your little man to slip on and off while he stays dry. The durable rubber sole has a deep tread for unbeatable traction.	Playful and practical, the Western Chief Camo rainboot is an easy solution to puddle splashing and rainy days. No-fuss handles make it easy for your little man to slip on and off while he stays dry. And with a durable rubber sole, he can overcome any obstacle without slipping so that he can still accomplish his mission while he's hard at play.

The Lee NFL Flannel Robe is made of 100% cotton yarn-dye flannel. Two patch pockets with woven team label. Left chest embroidery. Imported.

The Recon 200 Gram Uniform boot from Danner is a reliable classic in durable, easy-to-clean leather. This traditional boot features a breathable and 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining, and 200 grams of Thinsulate Ultra insulation for warmth. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole delivers excellent comfort and shock absorption as well as steady grip on wet and dry surfaces. Stitchdown construction provides a wide, sturdy platform and makes this boot recraftable for an extended life.	Duty-ready Danner Elite Series Recon 200 gram Boots. Considered by many to be the classic uniform boot. Danner Recon Boots deliver stability and support from all-leather construction and warmth from 200-gram Thinsulate Insulation. Specs

Love your crocs, but need something even easier? Try this Capri thong. Its nubby, contoured footbed and squishy sole add exceptional comfort to the foot-freeing flip-flop design.	Love your crocs, but need something even easier? Try this Capri thong. Its nubby, contoured footbed and squishy sole add exceptional comfort to the foot-freeing flip-flop design.

Naturino is an Italian footwear company dedicated to researching the growth and development of children in their early steps. Naturinos "first steps" line launched in 1988 and made the brand an international hallmark. The use of fine materials and the collaboration with pediatric foot specialists allow Naturino to develop childrens shoes that encourage natural foot development in the utmost of comfort.

leather	Shaft measures approximately Mid-Calf" from arch	Brand New In Box	Genuine Harley-Davidson

#013007  For Absolute comfort indoors, Get the +Absolado Indoor Boot from adidas

You look positively bewitching when you step out in Pleaser's Seduce boot. In high-gloss synthetic, this sultry find boasts a side zipper for easy dressing and a tapered toe for a sleek silhouette. A 4-inch heel and a rubber sole conspire to grant you a perfect strut wherever you work your magic.	Shaft Height

Predict a warm weather trend with the Original sandal from Dr. Scholl's. A wide leather, faux leather, suede, metallic faux leather or fabric strap wraps your foot in charming simplicity, while the shock absorbing midsole ensures your stylish comfort.

This beautiful leather oxford from Zengara has a shiny finish and a square toe. It is leather lined for comfort, with a durable rubber outsole to absorb shock.	The ultimate in dress shoes. Classic oxford styling. You may outshine your date in these handsome dress oxfords from Zengara, perfect for formal attire. Smooth lining, cushioned insole. Textured topsole, dress midsole and smooth outsole with traction patterned pad. Smooth, shiny faux patent leather upper in a tailored dress oxford style, with a squared toe, stitching and overlay detail and four eyelet lace up front with flexible tongue.

Look completely polished with this Madison loafer from Stacy Adams. The cap toe and perforated accents on this soft leather design lend a little additional style to this already handsome look. The cushioned insole and smooth linings will bring you all-day comfort, while the outsole ensures a strong and solid step.	Men's Stacy Adams Madison Loafers. Slip into comfort and professional style with these Madison Loafers. Comfortable leather uppers have side gore panels to make them easy to slide into. Their cushioned footbeds and durable leather soles will keep your feet comfortable all day long. State Color and Size. Medium width. They're just a click away... order today! Please Note

Columbia calls its Keota Trail Hikers "a fast and furious trail hiker for the weekend warrior." SAVE BIG! You may call them the best hikers you've ever worn. That's because Columbia Keota Hikers are long-wearing, comfortable, safe and cost you far less here than they do at the mall. Uppers are suede leather and mesh, a combo that holds up through countless steps. Go ahead, kick your way to a toe-hold... rubber toe caps protect your feet and the shoes themselves, and the 3/4 gusset won't allow rocks to roll in. Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole, padded tongue and collar, and moisture-wicking PK mesh lining makes you want to "Take a hike!" Rubber Omni-Grip outsole guarantees traction (and won't scuff floors!). Each approx. 4 3/4"h., 16 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Don't wait! Men's Columbia Keota Trail Hikers, Gray / Dark Green

The Men's Waterproof TPS 520 GV Hiking Boots OM2066 635 Leather GoreTex Hiking Boots are made to keep your feet feeling flexible and comfortable, cushioned and softly supported with the exclusive Asolo Triple Power Structure Technology. They're made for backpacking, but they're perfect for the job, too. The Asolo Triple Power Structure Technology was designed in partnership with Vibram. The TPS sole utilizes three shock absorbers located in the three primary strike zones of feet. You will find that the TPS sole improves comfort and torsional stability. The Lite 2 anatomic footbeds are designed to complement the curves of your foot, providing comforting support. Asoflex 00 MR lasting boards give you a flexible foundation that's completed by lightweight, shock-absorbing polyurethane soles. This combination of supportive, flexible materials is just what your feet have been asking for. Tough traction on the Vibram soles gives you even more secure steps.Rich, very dark brown leather creates a glossy, stylish look even as it creates a tough, protective casing for your feet. The full-grain leather is natural, resilient and water-repellent. This Asolo backpacking boot has full on cushioning around the ankle and on the tongue. Inside you have guaranteed waterproof and breathable Gore-Tex liners so you can stay comfortable in wet conditions.Asolo OM2066 635 TPS 520 GV Men's Leather GoreTex Hiking Boots are great for long walks and tough hikes... which makes them exactly what you want for the job.Size Manufactured

Keep your feet looking cool in the Puma Double Bubble USA. These sandals feature a TPR thong upper with extra comfortable EVA midsole and outsole. Styled with a simple yet creative design that play with color. Your sandals will be the talk of the town with the inverted color combinations on each foot. Detailed with debossed Formstripe print on the footbed and outsole.

RAMPAGE Handbags caters to a young contemporary woman, offering her eclectic, fashion forward product to wear in every aspect of her constantly evolving lifestyle. She is inspired by celebrities and has a huge appetite for designer inspiration.

The bounce-to-ounce ratio may never have been this top heavy. The adidas A3 Microride SL men's running shoes employ adidas-exclusive materials and design features to supply maximum support and cushioning at a minimum weight. In fact, running in the adidas A3 Microride SL might be disorienting at first. Their ultra-light weight and irritation free seamless construction feels close to running barefoot, but their comfy flexible cushioning and durable high-traction outsole protects your foot and gives you better traction that even the thickest fire-walker's skin. Don't be confused; you do have shoes on. Your feet are just reaping the benefits of some of the most technologically advanced shoe design features adidas has to offer. Thanks to the adidas A3 Microride SL, "lightweight comfort and support" is no oxymoron, so get to bouncing.

New Balance's Ceramic Cross Country Running shoe features supremely lightweight construction for all-day running comfort. The padded footbed protects your foot, a treaded rubber outsole gives you good grip along the track, and the breathable mesh upper and nylon lining do everything in their power to keep your foot sweat-free.	The New Balance 507 Is The A Great Choice For Distance Racing In Cross-Country Or On The Track. The Rx507 Blends The Optimal Combination Of Weight, Traction, Cushioning And Fit To Deliver The Ultimate Performance In A Distance Racing Spike. This Model Includes Ceramic Removable Spikes. Colors

In 1935 Paul Sperry invented the world's first and most enduring boat shoe. Where all other footwear brand have laid claim to every inch of terra firma, from the highest snowcapped peaks to the lowest desert valley, from baseball diamonds to basketball courts, Sperry Top-Sider has flourished by helping all who love the water master the world's final frontier -- the oceans, lakes and streams of Planet Earth.	Embrace your casual side with the Women's Sperry Top-Sider Bahama 2 Eye Boat Shoes. These comfortable and casual Top-Sider shoes have stayed true to their classic style and look great with just about anything. The high quality cotton canvas provides exceptional breathability while the hand-sewn tru-moc construction adds durable comfort to these irresistible shoes. Whether you're lounging on the boat and want a loose fit, or running errands and need them snug, the 360-degree lacing system allows you to find the perfect fit.

There's no tougher Boots in the woods than rugged, American-made Chippewa American Bison Stampede Loggers! Made with genuine bison leather to be super-durable, and featuring a specially cushioned insole for maximum comfort. In addition to begin tough, bison leather is also quite supple and amazingly comfortable. But its real advantage is its durability. Bison leather is far more durable than ordinary bovine leather, typically outlasting it by 50% to 80%, even under the harshest conditions. For reliable, all-purpose performance, these Chippewa Loggers are tough to beat! Take a look

The Fairfield slip-on loafer from Florsheim works for all parts of your life. This handsome ultra-lightweight shoe has a soft buttery leather upper with tonal stitching, a rounded moc style toe, dual-goring for easy on/off, and a textured rubber outsole for premium footing. It also provides maximum comfort with the padded collar, soft leather linings, and generously cushioned insole. The Fairfield is dressy enough for your business side, and casual enough for your more relaxed side.	In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.

duke black paris 50

hether white leather 65

Zip-away elastic mesh water bottle pocket Detachable hanging cosmetic organizer panel -Materials

This summer-light and tastefully adorned leather sandal will add a subtle femininity to a linen skirt or slacks. Simple and elegant, the Rubicone by Apepazza features a silver rope chain garnish on the thong and patent leather accents on the toe and heel. The sandal is equipped with a sturdy leather sole for sure footing and a -inch composite heel for a little lift with every step.	Hip, thong sandal with chain detail. Leather upper. Lightly padded footbed. Leather sole. 3/4" heel.

Child's Beaded softsole moccasin with cushion insole in Tan Suede.

This oxford from Giorgio Brutini gives a classic look an updated square toe and hornback print leather. These great shoes feature tassel detailing at the laces, a lightly padded tongue and collar, and a synthetic outsole that has a dual rubber heel for grip and stability.	Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.

The Halifax boot and the Florsheim brand are classics. This handsome style is also a workhorse. It has a full-grained leather upper and warm, cozy shearling linings. It also features rubber, two-way treaded outsole to ensure that the long hours on your feet will be safer and more comfortable.	Strike a rugged chord in the Halifax ankle boot by Florsheim. Waterproof tumbled leather withstands the elements while the slip-resistant rubber sole keeps you steady. The fully cushioned footbed and genuine shearling lining envelop you in warmth and comfort.

This versatile, lace-up oxford has been designed for peak performance and comfort whether you're out walking or just spending a long day on your feet. Made with our seven-layer comfort construction, stabilizing heel cup, and ultra-thick, full-length cushioning. Premium leather or nubuck upper with padded collar and tongue.

If you know prom or bridal footwear, you know the name Touch Ups by Benjamin Walk Corp. Since its inception over 100 years ago, Touch Ups has dedicated itself to providing the highest quality bridal, prom and evening footwear at competitive prices. At the forefront of the industry, Touch Ups combines fashion-forward styling with an array of colors and fabrics. Touch Ups is proud to be the largest dyeable bridal shoe manufacturer in the world.

With the revolutionary a3 structured cushioning system, this running shoe gives the feeling of being propelled through every foot strike. Open mesh nylon upper. Synthetic leather trim improves durability. Full-length a3 plate provides dynamic cushioning. adiPRENE+ aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Carbon rubber outsole offers durability. Flex grooves add optimum forefoot flexibility.

A revelation for the neutral runner, the Epiphany and e-Fusion technology deliver on the promise of an unrivaled ride. Element Air Mesh upper creates rapid cooling as it evaporates moisture. Durable S-257 midsole provides energy return and cushioning on every stride, engineered Cush-Pod configuration offers cushioning and flexibility. Heel HydroFlow ST-XL and forefoot HydroFlow FLX cushioning, dual-density DRB Accel molded TPU adds torsional stability. e-2 forefoot with e-1 heel for smooth, powerful propulsion. High performance, durable, slip-resistant e-0 outsole. Wt. 10.6 oz.

From the rodeo to the dance floor and everywhere in between! Justin 6" Lacer Boots are PRICED LESS! They're designed for riding, but you'll find yourself wearing these 6" Justin Boots anywhere. In fact, beautifully crafted Justin Boots work with virtually every lifestyle. Some of country music's brightest stars wear 'em, and magazines like Cosmopolitan feature them for their unique flair and their "feel-as-great-as-they-look" appeal. Make them your trademark today... my deal saves you BIG! Details, details

The Rockport Prowalker is part of the Rockport World Tour Classic that has become the standard for walking comfort. Constructed with the Rockport patented Walk Platform, it provides a wide base of support for the heel and a flexible forefoot to aid in the walking motion. The removable footbed is made of rubberized EVA cushioning that is durable. It also features a solid rubber outsole that grips a variety of surfaces, a lightweight fiberlon shank that provides midfoot support, and a full grain leather upper that is easy to clean.	Brand and Style - ROCKPORTMilprowl    Size - 8    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - Black    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Leather upper, rubber outsole. Polyurethane footbed reduces localized pressure. EVA midsole offers cushioning. Padded tongue and collar.

Kick it old school with this F-13 high top sneaker from Fila. This retro-inspired   sneaker has a nubuck- and leather-look upper, a padded collar and tongue, and a hook-and-loop   ankle strap for securing fit and flexibility. A breathable mesh lining will keep your feet   refreshed, while the fully cushioned insole and textured outsole will bring you comfort and   balance	Simple doesn't equal boring, and here's the proof. The Fila F-13 women's retro shoes are low-key enough to compliment nearly any outfit, but they're certainly not going to put your feet to sleep. They don't need flashy colors or shiny accenting to look distinctive -- the Fila F-13's distinctive old-school style will catch eyes without crying out for attention. There's absolutely nothing humdrum about the Fila F-13's comfortable feel. Their supportive adjustable ankle straps provide a secure, customized fit, and their structured arches and comfy insole cushioning will give your feet comfort and support that's downright exciting.The Fila F-13's simplicity has some distinct advantages. Its smooth, minimalist design makes it the perfect choice for all sorts of casual activities, and its athletic shoe inspired tread and structure make the Fila F-13 a great athletic or work shoe. It's fortunate that the F-13 looks so good, because it feels so good, you'd want to wear it if it glowed in the dark and clashed with everything you own.

Women's Bear Paw Kodiak Sheepskin Boots growl exceptional WARMTH and comfort! SAVE BIG! "A pine needle fell in the forest. The eagle saw it. The deer heard it. The bear smelled it." (unknown author). These Bear Paw Boots for women remind me of the Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1941 to protect its population of approx. 3,000 bears. OK, enough of the history lesson. These are mighty fine Boots. Stylish. Hip. And designed to chase away winter chills. Natural sheepskin is toasty warm. Just ask any sheep and they'll back me up! More

Waterproof and ready for adventure... without sending the expedition over budget. Waterproof hikers usually cost a bundle. But the Itasca Amazon gives you big-name function at a little-guy price. Here's the proof

The adidas NBA Superstar 1 men's retro shoes pay tribute to the greatest NBA teams to ever tap the power of the hardwood, like the Minnesota Timberwolves.  Available in many different team styles, the adidas Superstar 1 will help you show off your love for the T'wolves.  There are a lot of ways to show your support for your team.  The adidas Superstar 1 is a more subtle way to do it.  Of course, you can involve body paint, placards and bedazzled jerseys... many more overt types of acclaim for the team of your choice.  We've seen the classic rainbow wig dyed in team colors.  Surely you know the ubiquitous super fan with a fully licensed collection of NBA trinkets and toys that accompany him to every game.Heck, you can even get a detailed tattoo of your favorite player's face done across your back.  It's going to hurt, and will be even harder to explain when you get home.  Ditch the "Ow, I'm sunburned there" excuses and pick up the adidas NBA Superstar 1 Timberwolves edition.  It's a classic shell toe customized with NBA style, retaining all of the standard elements that you've come to expect from adidas, like leather upper construction and the rubber shell toe and sole that will outlast that Twin Cities' dynasty for which you keep a candle burning.

This slip on, made with an air mesh, garment quality leather, and nubuck upper, is part of Naturalizer's Natural Sport collection. Natural Sport brings you outrageous comfort through the insoles' arch support which prevents inward rolling, its fabric which aids in moisture control, its ultra soft massaging wave system in the heel and forefoot which acts like tiny springs to absorb shock, and an extra layer of foam for added comfort. Also features a compression molded EVA mid-sole for cushioning, a gel for shock absorption, and a durable outsole.

The ideal lightweight performance training shoe. Full-grain leather and mesh upper adds breathability. CMEVA iCELL midsole provides maximum cushioning and flexibility. EverTrack multi studded outsole offers superior traction and stability. Wt. 13.7 oz.

The Babolat Team All Court III is the next generation tennis shoe offered by Babolat, now offered with a 6 month outsole warranty. Stable, more durable, and moderately cushioned (in the same vein as the Team All Court II), the Team All Court III remains a solid all-around choice. Improved padding in collar for added comfort. In keeping with French tradition, Babolat continues the use of an outsole made by Michelin to provide durability and traction.6 MONTH OUTSOLE WARRANTYColor

Rockport Abingdon Tassel Shoes combine classic style and modern technology for good - looking and happy feet! Remember when "dress shoes" used to mean "painfully uncomfortable"? Well, Rockport has put an end to those days... big time! Thanks to the DMX air cushion technology placed directly in the insole, every step is soothed with an immediate massaging sensation you've never felt before in a dress shoe. And you bet, with the full-grain leather uppers, they look as good as they feel! Rockport quality

Modern Vintage is rich with fashion history and re-written to be the future of fashion. Past the modern cuts and fashion-forward styling is Old-World craftsmanship revealed in hand-stitching and textures that outline every curve. At Modern Vintage, sexiness starts from the ground up and evokes confidence in the women who wear and covet the brand. The finest vintage leathers are collected from all over the world, blending rich culture, inquisitive history and luxurious details. Modern Vintage is high style verbalized through exclusive constructions, special ornaments and innovative hardware.

Total performance in an ultra-lightweight racing flat that remains surpassingly balanced and well-cushioned. The open air mesh upper reduces weight and enhances breathability. 3M reflectivity offers enhanced visibility during low light hours. The rearfoot GEL Cushioning System provides enhanced shock attenuation at initial impact, while the Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot and shores the midfoot. Magic Sole minimizes weight and maximizes breathability, while an AHAR heel plug helps reduce excessive wear. Wt. 7.0 oz.

Light up your biker style! Harley Davidson quality, built to get noticed (just like your bike!) A scorching-hot style if we do say so ourself. The Harley Davidson Flame Chukka is built to the highest quality standards, packs the distinct style every hog fan lives in. Here's the rest of the details

Enzo classic slip-on dress shoe. Nice clean look with soft leather upper and leather sole.    The color descriptions are as follows

Youll be singing the praises of the Kabins first-rate style and exceptional comfort from day one. Fashioned in smooth leather, this three-eyelet dressy lace-up also features hidden elastic goring at the instep for a super comfy fit. A modish squared toe and side stitching keep you in fashion, while a leather-topped insole and flexible midsole support your every step.	Color

Adorable Piece. Cigarette Case crafted of fine Eel Skin leather. Great Bargain.Features a middle big pocket for cigarette box with snap closure. A small side pocket for the lighter. Thank you for shopping at Gem Avenue!

101654BKR8 Features

The New Balance 991GL is a Heritage shoe featuring ABZORB cushioning and ENCAP built for the moderate overpronator who requires a combination of cushioning and stability. Made in USA. Colors

#749836  Newly designed adjustable upper with increased breathability! 3 D molded TPR upper with an air mesh lining for comfort and breathability. The TPR outsole features mono mesh windows for maximum air circulation. Imported.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Ladies Leather Softsole Moccasins in Tan Suede or White Smooth Leather. Beaded Thunderbirds on the tops. These Mocs are all the rage with movie stars and clothing designers - you can have your pair without paying movie star prices!! We've been selling these mocs since the 50's - and there's nothing more comfortable. Buy two pair - they'll be your new favorites!

Top quality European children's shoes, 100% Made in Italy, beautiful and durable.  Compare to Elefanten/Umi, Primigi, Naturino, Aster, Babybotte, Ecco, Stride Rite. Contact us to see all our styles.

Who says work and play are mutually exclusive? Allen Edmonds Hillcrest Oxford is at once dressy and tasteful with just a hint of lightheartedness. Featuring a bicycle toe detail and double oak leather sole, this fine leather lace-up is no humdrum shoe.	Four-eyelet blucher oxford. Full leather linings. Split reverse welt. Bicycle front stitching. Double oak leather sole. Custom heel.

Slippers International is still very much a family business. The origin of their fine slipper-making dates back to their 1930's ancestors. Nearly 75 years later, they still maintain unsurpassed quality in their slipper making.

Craving a sporty shoe that will keep you moving throughout your day? The Easy Spirit Women's Instep Slip-On Sneaker Clog cushions each step and helps you feel light on your feet. The removable Elon insole allows you to insert your own custom orthotic, a durable rubber outsole delivers fantastic traction. The breathable stretch silk nuvola / polyester mesh upper works with the Fitness Air System to promote a healthy foot environment, and the flexible construction means you'll be comfortable in a variety of light athletic activities.

Give evening attire a dose of dashing style with Concorde from Stacy Adams. The patent leather upper features perforations at the toe. Breathable leather linings and a padded leather insole increase the comfort factor.	Men's Stacy Adams Concorde Oxfords. Travel in style with these Concorde Oxfords! Their patent leather uppers shine with a formal polish, and perforated accents sweep across the toes for a classy touch. Synthetic sole for traction and durability. And, they have cushioned footbeds for comfort. State Color and Size. Medium width. Get yours today! Please Note

opas brown leather 130

Montrail shoes are made in US sizes. Ideal for hiking and light backpacking, this shoe boasts GORE-TEX-lined leather construction for complete waterproof protection. The molded nylon lasting board has been specially designed to flex under a woman's frame - not too stiff, nor too soft. Built with stainless steel hardware for durability and microporous rubber in the sole for cushioned steps, you get great value in a boot perfect for weekend getaways.

You don't have to be an Aristocrat to lounge in luxury--all you need is this opera slipper from L.B. Evans. It's full-grain leather construction features leather linings and a soft leather outsole. The full-length cushioned insole delivers soft, lasting comfort.	Relax at home in style with the Aristocrat Opera slipper from L.B. Evans. A full grain leather upper gives a sophisticated look, while a leather sole provides long-lasting durability. The fully cushioned footbed provides all-day comfort for weekend lounging.

Melding style and comfort through its inspired, classic design and unique  shock-absorbing footbed, the Softwalk women's Adora slip-on is versatile enough  for a  day at the office or a night on the town. The shoe's soft leather upper and lining  is  comfortable and secure, while the lightweight, molded polyurethane sole delivers  just a  touch of stylish lift. The extra-padded heel collar, top line, and patented egg- crate  footbed are the true highlights, however, as they're built specifically to  minimize pain  and fatigue from hours of walking and standing. As with all Softwalk shoes, the  Adora  slip-ons are designed for the woman who isn't willing to compromise on comfort.	What's not to adore when you're on your feet all day? The SoftWalk Adora shoe is designed to support and cushion your feet with the originally designed Mogul footbed. The leather upper of this women's casual shoe is built for easy slip on and off. The polyurethane sole of the SoftWalk Adora is flexible and endures for everyday use. Fit tip

Limited edition! Hip hop's smoothest kicks yet. A tight, clean look for your off-court play. Make your move fast. Leather/synthetic upper with rubber outsole.

Made for the competitive female tennis player. The Diadora Passione DA is a lightweight tennis shoe that puts a premium on comfort. Soft, lightweight microfiber leather upper features a T.F.S. system on toe to protect against toe drag. Foam-padded tongue and padded terry cloth ankle collar add comfort and cushioning. Removable, anatomically shape, cushioned Ergofit insole provides a comfortable, secure fit. Molded EVA foam midsole features Double Action 2 inserts in the metatarsal and heel area for enhanced cushioning, shock absorption and flexibility. New Air-Flow CCB provides excellent breathability, and midfoot stability. Duratech 5000 and 2500 rubber compound outsole features an extended toe bumper and a versatile tread pattern, making this shoe suitable for all surfaces. Wt. 11.2 oz.

Boots Fold Down Charm Box

The ASICS GEL-Foundation VI is a high-mileage running shoe designed for the overpronator who seeks extra stability without sacrificing a cushioned transition from initial heel strike to propulsion. PHF memory foam lined heel collar molds to the heel, creating personalized fit. SpEVA midsole adds durability and shock attenuation. GEL Cushioning Systems provide maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. DuoMax medial post helps ensure that the shoe maintains proper support for the foot during the critical transition from heel strike to toe-off. Wt. 12.4 oz.

Black Military Cowhide Leather Combat Boots - Top grain cowhide leather upper. Standard oil resistant outer sole on boots. Steel shank. Padded cushion insole. Made to Military Specifications. Goodyear Welt. GI Government issued style boots. Great for most outdoor and active activities. Unisex. Army style. Black GI style Army combat boots. Height

Kick off your indoor soccer career with the fantastic Samba Millennium in soft arena leather with a leather tongue. Distinctive and comfortable, the Samba's TorSion System allows the natural rotation between the rearfoot and the forefoot to create stability and control with midfoot support and improved surface adaptability. Cushioned with an EVA midsole, with stability and traction from the gum rubber outsole.

The adidas F10.7 TRX TF soccer shoe is made for quick, agile players who want a light boot and sleek fit that excels on synthetic turf or gravel surfaces. Synthetic leather upper offers light weight and durability. Pre-molded EVA midsole adds optimized comfort and cushioning. TraXion TF outsole for turf and hard ground use. Wt. 10.2 oz.

Women's Sperry Top-Siders Figawi Duck Boots. Stylish Duck Boots for females are discount priced due to a minor style change. Perfect for top traction, even on wet surfaces. Waterproof nubuck action leather uppers; Siped superduck rubber outsole for sure-grip traction; Permanent, padded mesh-lined insole; Moisture-wicking Taibrelle lining; 360 Degree lacing for stability; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out debris; Padded tongue; Each is approx. 4"h., 11 ozs. State Color and Size. Medium width. Act Now! Women's Sperry Top-Siders Figawi Duck Boots

Milwaukee Motorcycle Clothing Company Trooper Black Leather Boot for Women provides both quality and comfort. It is made from full grain leather and features Goodyear welt construction on a sole that is non-skid, non-marking and oil resistant. This boot includes full front lacing and two 5-inch zippers that allow easy putting on and pulling off. It provides comfort with Freedom Flex sole construction that relieves the new boot feel and has a fully cushioned, removable and washable insole.

jumpp purple fabric 85

This boot from Ariat has plenty of Heritage behind it. Classic Western styling and rich, finely stitched leather makes it a handsome stand-out while a rubber sole enhances comfort and traction.	These are the men's Heritage Roper with full-grain leather foot and shaft and a four-row collar stitch pattern. They also have a leather lining and a Duratred outsole.

jumpp purple fabric 80

cult 26011 wrd 6.5

The handsomely textured, full-grain leather of Propet's Galway Walker gives it dressy-casual good looks, but comfort's the big news here. A round, extra-wide toe box provides plenty of room while the Rocker profile helps maintain an easy stride. Twin elastic gores help it slip on or off with ease.	Men's Propet Galway Walker Slip-Ons. Up to 3X wide! Slip on your Propet Galway Walkers for a comfortable mid-day stroll down the block or night on the town

18" long coated steel shoehorn with non slip handle. Great for individuals who have difficulty bending or limited range of motion.

Wilson tennis footwear is designed to meet the demands of different athletes and player profiles. The line is divided into collections that serve specific purposes. The Tour Collection is super lightweight, breathable and fits like a glove.  The Trance Collection is renowned for supreme durability and unrivaled stability.  Finally, the Pro Staff Collection provides all-around comfort and all-court performance.	The Wilson Pro Staff Classic has been an adored mainstay of Wilson footwear since it first appeared in 1986. Now available in a more lightweight and breathable mesh, it has long been preferred by hard-core tennis players for its classic fit, feel, and supreme durability - how else could it have lasted over 20 years?Saddle support system for better medial/lateral stabilityUpper

Anyone looking for an easy way to carry the essentials when on a walk, run, hike or when traveling the globe must have a shoe wallet from shoewallet Active Apparel. They easily & securely fasten to your shoes to carry the essentials such as cash, keys, ID, credit cards & hotel room keys & are undetectable to the user, even when full. They are also easy to remove & carry in a pocket or purse.

NEW Vasque Amp Trail Shoes spark the next generation in COMFORT. Now, PRICED RIGHT! Let the adventure begin! Trekking a river trail or exploring a rocky ridge. There are only 2 ways to handle life. Run away from it or seize it. So get moving. Plug into these Amp athletic Trail Shoes for your own little stitch of heaven. Tough. Comfortable. Supportive. With top traction teamed with agility. All the right stuff at the right price, due to a slight style change! Get set

5" Heel Pumps.

Streamlined and durable for week after week of high mileage running, this classic training shoe has it all. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. SpEVA(TM) midsole enhances bounce back during the propulsion phase, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems, ASICS Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) offers a more natural foot motion, internal DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike.   Wt. 12.0 oz.

You've got to dress up once in a while.  When those times come, the Florsheim Riley has got your back. Dressy and casual at the same time, it'll look good and feel almost as comfy as your sweats.Leather upper with traditional loafer styling, lace-up frontLeather sock lining, DM2(TM) cushioned footbedDurable rubber outsole

Carolina EH Vibram Loggers, plain or steel toe. The stability and protection of steel shanks and Vibram rubber outsoles... plus electrical hazard protection, cushioned support, and permanent Poron Permafresh insole under a removable AG7 poyurethane footbad Full-grain leather uppers; Moisture-wicking Cambrelle lining; Removable kiltie. State Width

165532 Features

This rugged leather Romeo has twin expandable side gores ad a two-piece premium leather upper for outstanding flexibility  Premium leather upper  Twin side gores  Cambrelle vamp lining  Velvet-eez air cushioned insole  EVA-TECH cushion wedge sole  Heavy-duty shank  Goodyear welt construction

Functional design combines with drum dyed cowhide make this style a great travel accessory.  Although simple and compact, this style features a fully gusseted main compartment and a full foldout wallet on the back.

101440GRY475 Features

Clear Totes Hip Bag is a handy stylish hip bag that goes well with any wear. Clear Totes Hip Bag is made of durable synthetic material. Big enough for your compact shopping needs.

fiestey red leather 95

You'll feel airborne in Clarks' signature, ultra-comfortable walking shoe with featuring a removable leather-covered Active Air System in both the midsole and footbed to keep your feet comfortable, cool, and dry. By absorbing shock and cushioning the foot, it actually returns energy and reduces stress, fatigue, and eases walking motion. Dual-density polyurethane outsole and corner stitch construction delivers shock absorption and flexibility. About Clarks' Casual Collection From hip to traditional, Clarks offers a diverse collection of casual styles designed to appeal to an equally diverse range of consumers. Suited for your active lifestyle, this collection features handcrafted quality, long-lasting durability, and unmatched comfort. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

fiestey red leather 90

Penny Loves Kenny shoes combine an adventurous sense of style with eye-popping colors and fresh silhouettes. Inspired by the hottest design elements of the high-end fashion world, Penny Loves Kenny understands that a true fashionista has fun and owns a personal style. Dare to be different with these unique Pony Express clogs!  These slip ons are western inspired with combination brown fabric and leather uppers with an overall distressed/worn look and stud accents that end beautifully in a pointed toe style.  Approx. 2 3/4" heel.  Also available from Street Moda in denim/natural and cream, while supplies last!  Style name

Get a little bit of western and a whole lot of quality at a ROCK - BOTTOM PRICE! It's how the west was won. These 7" Lacers pack great looks plus all the quality and construction that has made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Check them out

The ideal tool for the task at hand, Victorinox lifestyle accessories.  Today there are as many different kinds of travelers as there are places to go and the lines between traveling for business and pleasure have blurred.  That's why the expert engineer	This secure, hidden waist belt tucks inside clothes. Two-large compartments allow ample space for money, passport, etc

A precise yet powerful low profile a3 midsole gives the adidas Microride running shoe the ultimate blend of bounce and flexibility with minimum weight. Mesh nylon upper combines light weight and breathability. Seam-free fit technology. Full-length a3 TPU plate adds dynamic cushioning. adiWEAR outsole provides best durability in high wear areas. Wt. 11.4 oz.

Take to the trails in Teva Atrato Hikers, now BIG BUCKS OFF! The trails are ready. Are you? Get out and hit 'em in new Teva Atrato Hiking Shoes. These are amphibious shoes, great for the trail or water. Take advantage of volume-buy Close-Out savings! Happy trails

BCBGeneration cooks up yet another delicious style with these stunning Katchen pumps.Leather upper in a dress pump style with a pointed toeSculpted vamp with leather overlays on sidesSmooth lining with a cushioning insoleRubber traction outsole3 1/4 inch stiletto heel

?The Reebok Premier Road Cushion running shoe features the Kinetic Fit System (KFS) that provides comfort, support, flexibility in critical areas of the foot. Open weave mesh upper adds breathability and support. Full-length EVA lasting offers enhanced comfort and added cushioning. Play Dry lining provides moisture management. DMX Shear delivers vertical and horizontal cushioning and helps reduce stress of heel impact. Eclipse EVA midsole gives stability and cushioning. Transition bridge aids heel-to-toe transition. DMPRTEK rubber outsole brings cushioning, traction and durability. Wt. 12.4 oz.

TheSidi Dominator 5is one of our most popular shoes for women. It assumes that ladies use a mountain bike-specific pedal system such as the Shimano M970, Crankbrothers Egg Beater pedals, or the Speedplay Frog. Since mountain bike cleats are small, they recess flush with the tread on the bottom of your shoes. With recessed cleats you can walk to your heart's content without having to worry about slipping and sliding on your cleats and making a racket as your plastic cleats click-clack on the ground. If you plan on making walking a significant part of your daily riding habits, a mountain bike shoe is ideal -- even if your only bike is a road bike!The Lorica/Mesh construction of the Sidi Women's Dominator 5 offers superb ventilation and durability. Its Competition sole gives you improved traction and superior mud expulsion to make portaging your bike worlds easier. Sidi knows, too, that bunny hops and creek crossings require a snug fit (without cutting off your circulation). The Ultra SL buckle allows you to micro-adjust strap pressure, so the fit of your upper won't be too loose or too tight. The Ultra SL is mated to a Soft Arch Compression Strap to distribute the pressure of the upper of the shoe over a more dispersed area on the top of your foot. And, High Security Velcro strap (the Dominator 5 has two of these). The Velcro is reinforced with integrated locking teeth to absolutely, positively resist slippage.The molded plastic heel cup and padded tongue with fit "relievers" are the final small (but important) details that deliver unparalleled comfort in a mountain bike shoe. Available in Black and Black/Silver from sizes 38-43.

Look no further than the Propet Life Walker sneaker for the ultimate walking shoe. The supple leather upper features a padded collar and tongue that, along with the traditional laces, swath your foot in comfort. A rubber sole, removable orthotic and molded insole with arch support provide cushioning and support so you can walk all day. Pair with your favorite casual or workout clothes.	Men Propet Life Walkers. Available in wide sizes too! Wherever life takes you... you'll want to walk there in these Life Walkers

Innovative lacing system adds protection against the elements and keeps laces safely in to protect against injuries. Easy care upper with wipe-clean lace cover, removable premium footbed with thick, durable cushioning. CMEVA midsole provides lightweight cushioning and support, scalloped arch with finger notch in heel adds stunt control, patented 360 Finger Grooves(TM). 16 team/fashion logo colors included. Wt. 9.8 oz.

The most comfortable and versatile shoes you'll ever own! The Closed Cell Resin warms and softens with your body heat and molds to your feet with an orthotic heel, built-in arch support, and tarsal bar position for ultimate foot comfort. * Reference-ID

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive hippo design is embroidered onto soft and durable sky blue canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create and snug fit for wiggly feet. The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside. Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Indigo design on sky blue canvas. Machine wash/dry. Gift packaging included. Imported. Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

5 inch Heel Strappy Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Circular Cut-Out in Straps and Attached Ankle Cuff.

Replaceable polyethylene brushes remove mud, grass clippings and other debris from boots BEFORE they enter your home or business. Features a portable steel base. Rubber stops protect floor and keep scrusher in place. Pick it up and use it anywhere! U.S.A. Frame Material

Women's Carolina AeroGrip Slip On Shoes are lightweight and durable for long - lasting value! This pair was engineered for excellent comfort and safety. The slip-resistant AeroGrip sole and lightweight Nytek upper lead the way in shoe technology. A steel toe protects your toes as well. Product features

Summer fun goes straight to your feet! crocs' Athens sandal, with its contoured straps and footbed, is ergonomically designed to bring maximum comfort to your soles. Slip 'em on and go, from sunrise to sunset.	Summer fun goes straight to your feet! crocs' Athens sandal, with its contoured straps and footbed, is ergonomically designed to bring maximum comfort to your soles. Slip 'em on and go, from sunrise to sunset.

clint dark brown 105

clint dark brown 100

Sebago represents authentic products and timeless design. Their original, hand-sewn Docksides boat shoe and Classic Beefroll penny loafer havent changed since they first crafted them decades ago. Sebago is a celebration of everything New Englandwhere life in, on or around the waters is a geographical unavoidability. Their shoes are about performance--not just the technical kind, but the way a shoe behaves in its right environment, whether on boats or city streets. Each classic Sebago design is carefully designed to perform at its best.	The original! And handsewn for a fit that's second to none. Boat shoe looks are always in style. And Sebago Docksiders give you this style plus genuine moccasin construction that wraps the foot in a single piece of leather. Creates a fit that's uniquely your own. Handsewn blucher moccasin construction... true old-world craftsmanship; Distressed full grain leather upper; Sebago Docksiders non-slip rubber boat outsole; Functional rawhide laces... complete with non-corrosive brass eyelets; Littleway stitching; Padded tongue; Each approx. 15 ozs. Experience the handsewn difference. State Size, Width and Color. Order ONLINE Today! Please Note

The Mizuno Wave Lightning is designed for the high-performance volleyball player seeking the ultimate cushioning with specific stability. This high-performance volleyball shoe features Parallel Wave technology in the rubber for lightweight cushioning. Sensorpoint technology connects the Wave plate to the ground for enhanced stability and traction. VS-T technology provides point-of-impact forefoot cushioning. Gum rubber is applied in key outsole areas for enhanced traction and flexibility. Highly breathable air mesh upper keeps feet cool and dry. Wt. 10.7 oz.

Perfed full-grain leather shroud with zipper offers ventilation and support, full translucent TPU heel cage adds stability and support, polyurethane sockliner provides comfort and cushioning, forefoot "grenade" construction for low-to-ground look, feel and increased surface contact, internal IMEVA sole increases cushioning and support.

The ultimate performance cheerleading shoe! Synthetic leather upper provides superior comfort and durability. Sculpted midfoot arch and heel notch increase support while stunting. Multi-directional rubber outsole with anatomical forefoot flex grooves offer maximum traction and flexibility. Premium sock liner adds maximum cushioning and long life. 12 color card system delivers team customization for three stars on each shoe.

Calvin Klein is a premier American designer and global brand leader responsible for creating everything from home goods to fashionable shoes and apparel. Known as "the supreme master of minimalism," Calvin Klein is one of the worlds most prestigious and luxurious brands, setting the tone of elegance and modern sophistication.

Kangaroo leather upper with reconfigured Predator islands, asymmetrical lacing, foldover leather tongue with elastic band fixture. Two-part TPU Traxion(TM) outsole. Wt. 11 oz.

Strappy Stiletto With 4 Inch Sandal

Developed and designed in Italy over 12 years ago by a husband and wife team, the Lelli Kelly lifestyle brand has become a 42 million dollar little girls brand. Exclusive pattened designs focused on allowing little girls to look and feel like little girls

Narrow Version of Sidi's most popular road shoe. Conservative, yet stylish, with features that will make you think they flew in to measure your foot and make the shoe only for you. Millennium II Sole. Soft Arch Compression Strap. Ultra SL Buckle. High Security VELCRO. Padded Tongue w/ fit relievers. Replaceable Heel Tab. Molded Heel Cup.

The Santiossage slides give you a stylish and comfortable design. These slides for men from adidas have an adjustable PVC strap with convenient VELCRO brand closure  and a cushioned heel pad for added comfort.

Get cozy-chic style with Bearpaw's Kola. This fabulous boot features a soft goat fur upper with cozy wool lining to keep you looking and feeling fabulous all season long. A durable rubber sole ensures your step when the conditions turn wet and slippery.	Get through the cold months in style with BearPaw's "Kola" boots. Set in a goat hair upper with calfskin detailing that adds character to these unique boots. Lined in a comfortable, wool lining and sheepskin foot bed for ultra warmth. Finished with a rubber outsole that will make it an easy trudge through the winter. Bearpaw Style #497

Stearns 3-in-1 Breathable Waders and Wading Vest. This unique set includes waterproof / breathable, poly coated tricoat Waders and a detachable Wading Vest. Vest and Waders are attached with quick release buckles. Use each individually or together. Set includes belt and repair kit. Waders

The DVS Bexley is a performance skate shoe that was designed and tested by the DVS skate team. A leather or mesh upper features triple-stitched construction for lasting durability. Perforated foam promotes heat reduction. A highly flexible lasting board adds spring and flexibility. Contoured heel cup sockliner offers comfort. Non-slip gum rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

A sleek, modern tennis shoe that gives ambitious tennis players the power to accelerate their game. a3 structure heel offers optimized energy throughout foot strike. Full forefoot adiPRENE+ delivers forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Synthetic leather upper features open-mesh nylon for breathability and quick drying. adiTUFF adds abrasion resistance in the toe area. Molded EVA insole provides a custom fit and anatomical comfort. adiWEAR outsole provides the best durability in high-wear areas. Textile lining lends comfort.

Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication.	A-Line Slip-On. Pleated Vamp

Super league leather upper with Predator, asymmetrical loop lacing, ergonomically correct fold-over tongue. TPU outsole with injected TraXion(TM) studs (Turf has pre-molded midsole, adiPRENE and Torsion System).

Piel Leather Medium Shopping Bag. A fashionable and functional bag for any occasion. For over 33 years, Piel Leather has remained the internationally recognized Leader in Naked Leather. Our high standards for quality and workmanship have allowed us to produce leather goods of exceptional distinction and durability. As the pioneer of some of the finest naked leather goods available, Piel Leather is able to provide a spectrum of leather goods to suit your every need. By remaining completely dedicated to our craft, we have survived as the leading manufacturer and distributor of naked leather products. The Medium Shopping Bag features a zip opening to the main compartment with interior zip-pocket and cell phone pocket. Three outside open pockets, one side open pocket, and hidden zip pocket on top. Long double shoulder straps make it comfortable to carry. Dimensions

Slip into a truly masculine style with the Carrick slip-on shoe from Bacco Bucci. This handsome shoe has a distressed pebbled leather upper, a squared moc style toe, and dual-goring for easy on/off accessibility. It also features soft leather linings, a cushioned insole, and a textured rubber outsole for superior traction. The Carrick dresses up your casual outfits and gives a little laid back look to your professional style. Made in Italy.	Those who want quality, fit, and comfort know Bacco Bucci. That's because they've made it their commitment to satisfy the demand for performance footwear for the fashionably inclined. With a diverse selection of shoes designed to fit every need, their styles provide the ultimate comfort for casual, dress casual, contemporary, and dress shoes -- available in a range of sizes from 7 to 17. Their collection provides enticing designs that bring together fit, craftsmanship, and a broad range of technologically advanced materials into shoes of consistent superior quality.

You'll be absolutely stunning wearing the Nisako low wedge from Bruno Magli. It is constructed with smooth leather, a flirty peep toe, a cushioned insole, and a textured rubber outsole for sure footing. Pair the Nisako with everything, dressing it up or down, day or night. Protective bag included for storage. Made in Italy.	Beautiful, versatile dress slip on pumps from Bruno Magli with a stylish wedge heel. Smooth, soft microfiber fabric upper in a dress slip on pump style with a retro-influenced peekaboo open front rounded toe and subtle stitching accents. Smooth all leather lining, with a leather topped cushioned insole. Shiny patent leather wrapped wedge style midsole rises to 1 3/4 inches at the heel, with a smooth flat dress style leather outsole. Made in Italy.

The Mizuno Wave Spike 9 is the perfect volleyball shoe for players seeking a performance fit and feel in a lightweight package. Composite Wave and VS-1 technology work in tandem to provide a stable foundation with unrivaled cushioning. Composite Wave technology provides unrivaled cushioning and stability. VS-1 technology delivers point-of-impact forefoot cushioning. Gum rubber is applied in key outsole areas for superior traction and durability. Highly breathable air mesh upper provides keeps feet cool and dry. Wt. 9.1 oz.

The Mizuno Wave Creation 8 running shoe is engineered for the runner with medium-to-high arches who requires maximum cushioning to give protection from the impact forces of running. Highly ventilated AIRmesh upper. SmoothRide helps minimize the rapid acceleration and deceleration of the foot during transition, creating the smoothest ride possible. AP midsole offers lightweight, responsive yet durable cushioning. Revolutionary Infinity Wave configuration provides the ultimate in cushioning, rebound and durability by reducing the shoe's reliance on midsole foam. SensorPoint suspension system connects the Wave plate to the ground, enhancing stability and traction. VS-1 cushioning compound in the forefoot. Mizuno Intercool full-length midsole ventilation system reduces heat and humidity build-up inside the shoe. Solid rubber forefoot and X-10 high-density carbon rubber heel offers durability and flexibility.  Wt. 12.9 oz.

Women's Cushioning shoe for the neutral to moderate pronator which delivers a highly cushioned, yet well balanced ride.

Synthetic upper with stretchable mesh and inner bootie construction. Ortholite anti-microbial moisture wicking sockliner. Internal midsole construction with adiPRENE+ and an integrated 3D Torsion system. Non-marking rubber outsole.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Columbia Trail Meister Trail Shoes get you ready for a weekend on the trail! I know a lot of folks who prefer low profile hiking footgear! This Columbia classic is a multi-functional Trail Shoe that provides plenty of comfort and versatility for the "weekend warrior". Trail worthy

Vision Street Wear was created in 1976 by skateboard legend Brad Dorfman. In the last 30 years, Vision Street Wear has captured and represented the rebellious, aggressive culture of SoCal skateboarding. The brand's iconic art and styling propels the culture of Vision Street Wear and continues to build upon its legendary street style.

What CAN'T Rocky Duty's Fort Hood Swat boot do? With its combination of features--full-grain water-resistant leather with a guaranteed ROCKY waterproof construction, and a lugged outsole with non-metallic stabilizer--it's a comfortable, supportive choice.	When duty calls, make sure you're ready to answer in these Rocky Fort Hood Waterproof Boots! This is one serious duty boot. Desert dry protection and extreme comfort are just 2 factors that go into why these brutes are soon to become your favorite. Another reason, how 'bout Rocky's never-ending commitment to quality and excellence?! This is what we're talking about

Forget Juliet, you'll fall in love with these Western Chief Romeos. Lace-free... Genuine leather... PRICED RIGHT! "Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou my Romeos!" Slipper comfort meets work boot toughness. Look, slip-on convenience you'll love. Sure beats messing with laces. Saves time, too. Romeos are made by Western Chief, a renowned company where footwear has been their business for 111 years. Go ahead. Wear these Romeos to work or as casuals. We made a sweet quantity buy to nab a discount deal for you! Performance

At Danner, they are craftsmen. They pay attention to details. They forgo quantity for quality, with the knowledge that the boots they craft are no better than the hands that create them.	Track game in lightweight, waterproof Danner Pronghorn GTX Boots. When Danner introduced the Pronghorn GTX 8", guys saw it as a smart solution for nimble agility. But this season's model weighs 10% less than the original. So now you get all the benefits of TERRA-FORCE technology in an even lighter package. Plus, a new outsole design featuring deeper lugs than on previous Pronghorns. Fine points

Dating back to the 1800s, the Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the US, giving Frye products a long and illustrious history!  Today Frye remains true to its heritage and vintage roots, while continuing to innovate and expand its footwear for continuously fashionable designs using rich leathers and quality hardware.western inspired Frye Jesse Harness boots. Leather upper in a harness boot style with round toe, 9 inch shaft with leather pull straps and 4 1/2 inch collar. Leather harness style strap with metal studs, side logo buckle and loops. Leather lining, cushioned leather topped Poron insole. Leather outsole, 1 1/4 inch stacked wood heel with rubber tap.

The adidas + Absolado IN has the look and feel of the world's most elite soccer shoe and is specifically created for fast indoor play. Synthetic upper has asymmetrical loop lacing for better ball contact. Synthetic lining, EVA insole adds comfort. adiPRENE insert offers shock absorption. Pre-molded EVA midsole gives optimized cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole.

The Andover oxford from Bostonian is made for long days at the office. Classic, cap-toe styling complements suiting, while the leather-lined insole offers breathable comfort.	Embrace comfort and class with the Bostonian Andover oxford. Theleather upper features a sleek look with a timeless cap-toe front. TheEVA-cushioned midsole and padded footbed lend long-lasting comfort,while the vegetable-tanned leather sole adds durability to this men's dress shoe. This Bostonian oxford features a First/Flex construction for flexibility and shock absorption. For a smooth, suave, and refined look try the Bostonian Andover!

'Lena' is from the Clarks Artisan Collection.		This beautiful T-strap is perfect for creating a sophisticated, graceful look for fall.		Soft suede upper offers lightweight, breathable wear with no break-in required.		Adjustable ankle strap allows for a secure, personal fit.		Combination foam and polyurethane footbed absorbs shock for superior comfort.		Lightweight ABS heel piece reduces load lift.		Durable TPR outsole increases the life of the shoe.		Cement construction, in which the upper is adhered to the outsole with a bonding agent, ensures lightweight flexibility without twisting.		2" heel.		7.00 oz.

A cushioned shoe that gives the neutral runner or under-pronator cushioning guidance from heel strike to toe-off. Breathable open mesh upper. SpEVA(TM) midsole enhances bounce back during propulsion phase of the gait cycle, large-volume heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems provide maximum rearfoot and forefoot cushioning, Dynamic Cradle supports and guides the foot from heel to toe-off. I.G.S.(TM) directs the foot from heel-to-toe allowing a more natural gait. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Corduroy textile upper and rubber outsole with herringbone traction.

When quality, durability, and longstanding fashion credibility are what you need, look to Dr. Martens. These six-inch industrial steel toe boots are built to survive whatever your life, job, or adventures can possibly throw their way.	Own the legend... Dr. Martens Steel Toe Work Boots for LESS! Save on famous Dr. Martens! For decades Dr. Martens has been making comfortable footwear for working folks. Their foot-pleasing, air-cushioned outsoles are legendary. These Work Boots offer steel toes and slip-resistant SSD soles for safety on the job. They're made of genuine full-grain leather in two styles

This Roper 10R boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude but delivers true style. This attractive pull-on western style boot has an oiled leather upper with tonal stitching, two pull tabs on each side of the shaft, neoprene oil resistant soles with a full-length leather midsole for durability, and a cushioned insole for premium comfort.	The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey.  Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.

A long list of advanced comfort features balanced with an economic price tag, CT (Comfort Technology) offers a unique scalloped top-line design to accommodate fl exing in the calf area to reduce irritation as well as graduated boot heights that are consistent with shoe sizes for better fit and comfort. The unique Trac10 sole design enhances traction and durability with an ergonomic frame design and interior lugs. The contour heel cup molding reduces heel slippage while the EVA FOOT FORM provides sneaker-like comfort for all-day wear. Sleek and contemporary, the CT Knee Boot is a great choice for general industrial conditions. Available in black color and size-7.	A long list of advanced comfort features balanced with an economic price tag, CT (Comfort Technology) offers a unique scalloped top-line design to accommodate fl exing in the calf area to reduce irritation as well as graduated boot heights that are consistent with shoe sizes for better fit and comfort. The unique Trac10 sole design enhances traction and durability with an ergonomic frame design and interior lugs. The contour heel cup molding reduces heel slippage while the EVA FOOT FORM provides sneaker-like comfort for all-day wear. Sleek and contemporary, the CT Knee Boot is a great choice for general industrial conditions. Available in black color and size-7.

Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

Casual pigskin suede leather upper with EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

Canvas upper with classic rubber outsole.

The adidas Skyhook Plus is inspired by one of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's signature basketball shoes of the early '80s. This model has his signature along with basketball materials incorporated in the shoe. Smooth leather upper features Kareem's signature. Basketball material appears on the front and rear quarter of the shoe along with a basketball graphic on a rubber outsole.

Accessorize your right to look completely beautiful in the simplest of styles with the Maris thong from MIA. This lovely sandal has a pebbled leather upper with contrast stitching, a heel pad for additional cushioning, a lightweight wooden sole and heel, and a textured rubber outsole for sure footing and traction. Wear the Maris with anything from a mini skirt, to Bermuda shorts, to denim capris for a sweet and breezy style.	MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.

This shoulder bag is perfect for traveling, whether it's across Europe or just over to the mall. It has great organization, ample space, and a clean look. It comes with an adjustable strap so that it can be worn either on the shoulder or across the body.

Teva took form and function into consideration to deliver this easy, ultra-wearable sandal. The Pretty Rugged 2 features soft nylon webbing straps with two points of adjustability, a super-soft, comfort-molded footbed, and a grippy, bubble-treaded outsole, along with the casual Teva style you've loved forever.	Pretty Rugged  the name says it all. Rugged enough to spend all day on the trails and rivers and still looks great hanging around town. The Womens Pretty Rugged Nylon is synonymous with warm summer days, travel, exploring, and adventure. Forget the office and hit the trails! Take a break in the multifunctional and yet so comfortable Pretty Rugged Nylon sport sandals.

Whether you're a novice or a pro-level skater, these technical skate shoes from Etnies have great looks and features. Smooth action leather or sport suede upper, with reinforced stitched toe, stitching, overlay and perforation accents, and color accented heel panel and side Etnies "E" logo. Full lace up front, with a padded collar and padded tongue with keeper straps. Soft mesh lining, cushioned insole and midsole, and a board-gripping gum rubber traction outsole.

This High Heel Shoe Stretcher is specially designed for High Heel Shoes. The hardwood foot piece is shaped to slide easily into pumps and any other kinds of tight high heel shoes. The High Heel Shoe Stretcher comes complete with two Bunion Plugs that can be inserted into the foot piece to provide you with extra pressure relief in oppressive areas. The High Heel Shoe Stretcher can be used on a right or a left shoe alike and it is available in 3 different sizes for women. The High Heel Shoe Stretcher is able to stretch 1.5" - 4" high heels. This product is unable to stretch high heels over 4".

Lugz is always hard at workmaking sure you look smart and stylish. The Drifter boot sports just enough work-boot credibility to make it the iron man of street shoes with a durable leather upper, reinforced contrast stitching and super-chunky rubber outsole. Inside the shoe is easy-living for your foot with a padded collar, soft lining and cushioned insole. So no matter if your jeans are skinny or baggy, floods or on the groundjust make sure Lugz is on your foot.	The Lugz brand came into the world in October of 1993. Endorsed by key players from the hip-hop world, Lugz was immediately granted the image it's known by today.  Lugz product is aggressively styled using the highest quality materials for maximum durabil

Made by STYLE QUEENS famous brand DANSHUZ. We believe these are the best ballet shoes made. Features include a pleated toe, suede ballet sole, elastic attached, Vikofome comfort innersole, stitched thru construction, boxed. A great shoe for the beginner or advanced dancer.		*** Please, order STREET SHOE size and we will adjust accordingly to fit.  ***

This wellington boot from Thorogood will work every bit as hard as you do. The lace-up design features a leather upper with a padded shaft for comfort and a Goodyear welt for durability. Its non-marking outsole is slip-resistant, while the steel toe complies with ASTM F 2413-05 M/I/75/C/75 and the fiberglass shank offers the best support. The removable insole absorbs shock and is ventilated for breathability.	Men's Thorogood American Heritage Safety Toe Boots... made in the U.S.A.! Weinbrenner, the leading manufacturer and pioneering force in the American footwear industry, has been making Thorogood boots since 1892. You'll see their dedication to craftsmanship, expertise and innovation in these Thorogood American Heritage Safety Toe Boots

NEW Rocky Insulated Winter Hikers for women. Warmth and comfort collide. Oh, and these Hikers are 100% waterproof, too. Stylish waterproof leather uppers; Rubber outsole for traction; Cushioning EVA midsole; Removable, Taibrelle polyurethane and EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for maximum warmth; Padded tongue / collar; Half gussetted to lock out debris. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Act Now! Women's Rocky 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation Insulated Winter Hikers, Brown

Women's Double-H Chukkas, PRICED LESS! Looky

Leather upper with Velcro straps and padded terry collar, injection-molded polyurethane midsole, polyurethane outsole.

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.

The Lotto Z-Speed FG-3F soccer shoe has a water repellent Premium Plus upper with an EVA insole. Uses Shock-Off, an insert of low density polyurethane or EVA, placed in the sole below the heel which aids in cushioning and helps protect the foot by absorbing and dissipating impact traumas. Features Puntoflex, a special technical device placed across the sole in the metatarsal area which allows correct foot flexion and excellent rebound.  Wt. 9.4 oz.

Laced Platform Pump With 5 1/4 Inch Heel

Stay warm and comfortable with Klondike from L.B. Evans. The supple suede construction features tonal seaming and soft, fleecy lining with a memory foam insole. The rubber outsole is substantial enough for outdoor use, while dual goring allows a flexible fit.	Take it easy with the Klondike slipper from L.B. Evans. The suede upper looks great, while the faux sheepskin lining and Memory Foam footbed are cozy and comfortable. Dual goring makes for easy on and off, and the durable sole works both indoors and outdoors. Fit tip

The Major pump from Easy Street has made simple absolutely sexy! This classic pump has a smooth synthetic leather upper, a tapered squared off toe, and a wide covered heel. Additionally, the lightly cushioned mesh lining and fully padded insole work to give you premium comfort, while the textured outsole will provide a confident stride with a little sass. The Major will prove to be your most versatile pump in all of your wardrobe.	Women's Easy Street, Major Pump  A classic squared toe pump perfect for the professional  Manmade uppers in a variety of textures  Soft and breathable fabric linings  Cushioned footbed  Features Easy Flex outsole for comfort  2 ? inch heel

Minnetonka Moccasin Leather Slippers, SAVE BIG! The comfort you want, from a name you trust... all at BIG BUCKS off normal retail! Thanks to this excess inventory purchase, you can slide your feet into a pair for less than ever before. Look

The Simple Comfort slip-on from Kenneth Cole Reaction will give you just that

Dansko's Professional clog promises to keep you comfortable throughout busy days on your feet. Offered here in wide sizing, the iconic design features a smooth leather upper, a contoured leather insole, and a shock-absorbent rubber outsole.	Millions of Dansko clogs fans can't be wrong. The flagship style, the Dansko Professional, embodies the all-day comfort and support that Dansko shoes are famous for. The design of this women's shoe follows the natural contours of the foot and the instep collar is generously padded. A rocker-bottom sole propels the foot forward when walking to ensure a smooth ride. Dansko's Stapled outsole carries the seal of acceptance from the APMA (American Podiatric Medical Association) and has been tested by SATRA in the United Kingdom and Precision Testing Laboratories in Nashville, Tennessee. You'll love the clean good looks and undeniably comfort of the Dansko Professional Cabrio.

When you think of Grasshoppers, you think of comfort. And theres a reason. One of the best-known names in casual American footwear, they've been making great footwear for decades. This Ashland sneaker has a lace-up front for a snug fit and a durable rubber outsole for easy walking all day long. Perfect for your busy lifestyle, the basic look can work its way into any wardrobe.	This comfortable easy-on, easy-off casual lace-up sneaker, the "Ashland" smooth sneaker, features stretch upper materials, quilted footbeds, padded collars, and soft jersey knit linings.

clint black leather 75

clint black leather 70

2 Inch Platform Creeper Men's Size Shoe With Studded Buckle Strap.

Drawing from their athletic footwear heritage, Nautilus Safety Footwear has incorporated the comfort and support of ergonomically designed athletic footwear construction with the tough safety features required by government standards. With their complete line of safety toe footwear -- featuring both steel toe and a new, re-designed, thinner composite toe -- Nautilus Safety Footwear has always strived to improve the quality of footwear comfort and safety for their customers.

"Above The Rim" styling. Leather upper adds comfort and durability. EVA sockliner for cushioning. Herringbone outsole design provides traction. Wt. 16.0 oz.

For perfect pirouettes around the house, check out ISOTONER's Classic Satin slipper. This sweet offering in fabric boasts a cushioned insole for comfort and an elasticized topline for a secure fit. Machine washability ensures easy wear.	For perfect pirouettes around the house, check out ISOTONER's Classic Satin slipper. This sweet offering in fabric boasts a cushioned insole for comfort and an elasticized topline for a secure fit. Machine washable.

To Boot New York footwear and accessories is made exclusively in Italy in the finest small-production factories. Each and every item is made of the finest Italian and French leathers and goes through over 200 hand-steps from design to the final hand finishing. The quality of To Boot New York shoes and accessories are just right for today's fast lifestyle.

All leather upper with padded collar and tongue, full-length EVA midsole, rubber three-quarter wrapped outsole.

5" Heel Strapy Sandal.

The ASICS HyperSprint is a versatile track spike for the athlete seeking a lightweight sprint shoe for distances up to 400 meters. Internal Fit System allows custom forefoot fit and smooth airflow. Combination-lasted to offer rearfoot stability and forefoot flexibility. Solid rubber outsole provides durability and traction. Nylon spike plate adds increased durability and traction on all surfaces. Includes 6mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Wt. 6.7 oz.

The core line of the company brand, Charles David is for the woman who lusts after the most stylish, sophisticated footwear with European influences and craftsmanship. Made with high quality leathers, soft satins and precious jewel details, this line is favored by loyal customers and celebrities around the world. Each season the ultra-feminine, fashion-forward styles are available in both Charles David retail stores and select department and specialty stores nationwide.

The hottest look at the hottest price!  The most wanted look this season, this stacked heel pump is both trendy and comfortable to wear.  Great for casual and dressy occasions, this is a must have!  This style features a patent look!

Timberland set new industry standards for craftsmanship, durability and protection when it introduced an authentic, waterproof leather boot in 1973. A global leader in design, engineering and marketing of premium footwear, Timberland values consumers who cherish the outdoors and their time in it. Timberland has been an industry leader in the use of both sustainable and recycled materials in its shoes, as well as its footwear packaging. The Timberland Company believes in corporate responsibility and supports numerous civic and social projects throughout the year.	Explore the wilderness in the Timberland Euro Hiker Leather Women boot. This women's boot is a blend of comfort and durability, with a premium full-grain leather upper and a rubber lug outsole. The padded collar and tongue allow for a comfortable fit around the ankle and top of the foot while the rustproof, speed lace hardware with lace hooks keeps lacing secure. The mesh lining keeps climate control, and the rubber rand is made with abrasion resistance in mind. This Timberland boot is fully cushioned, with an EVA footbed and a dual-density EVA midsole. Keep on hiking without a thought to your feet in the Timberland Euro Hiker Leather Women's boot!

Teardrop flap with small zip pocket, open pocket under flap, small zip pocket on back, side entry to main compartment, and side phone pocket. Top handle for easy carrying and split-zippered back straps.

TEST Rothco The HW OD Stonewashed Backpack with Leather Accents. Stone washed canvas backpack with leather accents; large main compartment with drawstring closure and flap; one inside and one rear zipper pocket; two front zipper pockets; antique brass hardware; adjustable padded shoulder straps; embroidered star on flap. Measures 10"W x 14"H x 6"D By Rothco.

Island Pro knows how to provide perfect summer style with premium comfort and proves it with the AKA flip flop. This handsome flip flop has padded suede straps with contrast stitching, a rubber logo badge, a textured contoured footbed for maximum comfort, and a multi-directional treaded outsole for a solid step. Trick your feet into thinking they're on a permanent vacation with the AKA.	The Island Slipper AKA Sandal is constructed of oiled leather straps, lined with neoprene for comfort with a sturdy boat shoe sole, one of the very best all-around sandals you could possibly own. Available in Brown w/Mahi, Brown w/Marlin, Brown, and Black; Men's full sizes 7-16.

Slip into comfort and style when you wear the Bella Vita Donna. Exquisitely adorned with unique pearl ornaments across the vamp, this leather moccasin has a low-profile collar for easy access. Detailed stitching on the toe, a slight heel and a contrasting-colored outsole make the Donna a versatile and classy shoe. Wear this trendy new moccasin with tailored slacks or capris for a fashionably laid-back look.	Bella Vita, which means "beautiful life," is contemporary lifestyle footwear created with attention to fit and comfort while keeping current trends in mind. Attention is given to size and width and in styling from casual to special occasion.

Leather and polyurethane upper. Stretch jersey lining. EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

Casual looks and Carolina durability combine in the Soft Toe Glove women's Oxfords. Who says that work shoes have to look frumpy? No one wants to hear the inevitable "granny's orthopedic shoes" comments, and the Carolina Soft Toe Glove Oxfords will put that thought far out of anyone's mind. As a matter of fact, we fully expect people to ask you where you got those great looking shoes. That's your opportunity to brag a bit, and honestly, we don't mind. You've earned it by being a savvy shopper and getting a shoe like the Carolina Soft Toe Glove Oxfords. Oh, you can embellish the story however you see fit, just try to keep a level head about things. No one likes an egotist. However you describe your experience, we know you will rave about the Carolina Soft Toe Glove Oxford shoes.

Leos Dancewear is a world leader in the manufacture of dance shoes, bodywear, dance costumes and accessories. Since 1924, Leos has been committed to the core values of their founder, Leo Harris, with a passion to produce the worlds finest handcrafted dance products while delivering craftsmanship in service to the art of dance and support to those who bring their art to life. With every Leos product you are getting part of a brand that you can trust and respect.

Put your shoes on without bending the heel or breaking your back with this convenient Aluminum Shoe Horn. The shoe horn features an extra long handle to make putting on your nice dress shoes an easy task. Constructed from durable aluminum with a chrome finish this 18 inch shoe horn is both stylish and functional. This long handle shoe horn also features a black rubber loop for easy hanging. Aluminum Shoe Horn Features Extra long handle to make putting your dress shoes on easy for anyone. Durable aluminum construction. Black rubber loop for easy hanging. Sleek chrome finish.

Suede/nylon upper for comfort and durability. Die-cut EVA midsole with an EVA sockliner provides cushioning.

Not just for keys, this key chain comes complete with two different fasteners to make it easy to attach it to a wide range of items. The officially licensed Marvin The Martian design can make a statement about your personality, and help you easily identify your keys, luggage, back pack, jacket, or almost anything else on which you clip it. The versatile design, durable materials, and special attention to color and detail, add up to a quality key chain.

The O'When boot from Gentle Souls gives you simplicity with the perfect amount of detail for a sleek, gently relaxed look. The gorgeous leather upper has a nice glow with accent stitching and a touch of creasing for texture. The moderate block heel is perfect for everyday wear with its wearable lift and an interior zip gives you quick dressing convenience so its exceptionally easy to make this your new go-to boot.	A classic silhouette gets a modern update in the Gentle Souls O'When boot. Lined in supple deerskin, this mid-calf women's boot is constructed of high-quality leather and accented with subtle stitching details for artistic flair. A full-length inside zipper allows easy on/off. The round-toe style offers extra room in the toe box, while flaxseed pillows and moisture-managing Poron memory foam lend customized cushioning, keeping you comfortable for hours atop the tapered, medium heel. The Gentle Souls O'When mid-shaft boot is finished with a shock-absorbing rubber sole for grip.

Who says you have to be loud to make a statement? The adidas Pro Model S basketball shoe with the classic 3-Stripes shell-toe offers a leather upper, a breathable vented outsole and dual-density EVA for lightweight support. Full-grain and synthetic leather upper adds comfort and durability. Rubber toe cap offers additional durability. adiPRENE in the forefoot and Torsion System bar provides midfoot arch protection. Injected EVA midsole delivers long-term lightweight cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 12.8 oz.

Hunting isn't their hobby. It's their calling. It's all they were made to do. In sixty years, they've never lost focus. They've never followed anything but their instincts. They've never let up. They still live for the chase, pursuing innovation from dusk to dawn. They're in the fields, the blinds and the stands, long after the fair-weather crowd heads inside. They do all of this to build incredible hunting boots, because at Irish Setter, the hunt never ends.	Hip side-zips! GORE-TEX Irish Setter Wingshooters Side Zip Boots sport premium Kangaroo LEATHER. Talk about attractive Boots! They're leaving the competition speechless. The kangaroo leather is supple, tough, flexible and down right gorgeous. Toss in GORE-TEX 100% waterproofing for dry feet, guaranteed. Plus, NO lacing. Just move the smooth-operating side zipper for easy on / off. A fully adjustable, square metal buckle adds sex appeal. What are you waiting for? Must-haves

Regarded by experts and running enthusiasts as Montrail's most supportive and stable training shoe, the Hardrock is also incredibly comfortable and ideal for those who dare to run further than a 70-mile week. Inside the Hardrock is a full-length TerraFlex AR protection plate identical to the plate found in the award-winning Montrail Kinabalu, but unlike the Kinabalu the Hardrock has gel in the forefoot to help cushion your feet on long runs. Lightweight airmesh along the tops and sides of the upper help you air it out when the competition heats up.

Lightweight Clima mesh upper with Clima lining. adiPRENE+ forefoot and heel with ClimaCool(TM) ventilation system. High performance, non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 10.6 oz.

Open Toe Flat Women's Size Shoe With Bow Detail.

This versatile bag can be used as a travel bag, a diaper bag a briefcase and a bag for everyday use	This versatile bag can be used as a travel bag, a diaper bag, a briefcase and a bag for everyday use

This shoe Is not Available for LH Bowlers

W-A-R-M Women's Quark Antarctic Snow Boots weigh just 13 ozs. SAVE BIG! Stylish and waterproof! Just the lightweight (average is 13 ozs.) and comfortable footwear you need to kick Old Man Winter. A minor style change spells big savings! Waterproof, full-grain leather uppers; Latex-sealed seams ensure dry feet; EVA and rubber compound outsole and foot for lightweight comfort, grip; Removable, EVA-padded, fabric-lined insole; Moisture-wicking Lycra neoprene lining; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out debris, snow and water; Smart DRYZ Intellitemp system regulates temperature, keeping feet warm; Each is approx. 12"h., and a barely-there 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order Now! Women's Quark Antarctic Snow Boots, Brown

Since 1987, Aerosoles has developed high quality, comfortable and fashion-right shoes at affordable prices. Aerosoles offers a vast assortment of women's shoes to suit every occasion, from office wear to weekend gear and everything in between.	The Aerosoles Squishing Trip is a perfectly cozy boot to carry you through the season with matchinglaces. Trimmed and lined in soft faux fur. Extra cushioned footbed on a11/2 heel and flexible rubber sole.Features

100% WATERPROOF low riders. Women's Harley-Davidson Tacoma Boots... BIG BUCKS OFF! Because comfortable, bone-dry feet are the way to roll. Let the good times ROAR, from Tacoma, WA to Sturgis, SD and beyond. Sink your feet in these famous Harley-Davidson Tacoma beauties to "eat" those broken white lines. All the Boot you need for miles of hauling. Hey, a minor style change spells BIG savings! Rev 'em up

coyl black paris 100

For stylish casual footwear that just screams style, Two Lips is the brand. Boasting a variety of playful styles from sandals to mary janes, Two Lips shoes help you get into the spirit of the season. With Two Lips footwear, stylish comfort is just a step away.

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX(TM) foam.

Leather and metal mesh upper with textile lining and Velcro strap. Rubber traction outsole.

205100BLG12 Features

The two different-sized key rings on one end and the convenient snaplink on the other make this an extremely functional key chain. Snap it onto your purse, belt loop or backpack, and the days of digging around for your keys are long gone! The belt-buckle design is not just for looks; it is fully functional and allows you to easily switch/remove key rings ... so you can carry just the keys you need.	Also available in the convenient Coin Purse and Keychain Set, which includes a matching coin purse.	*About Gianni's Contemporary Leather Accessories*Each leather accessory is handcrafted in Italy by Gianni and his team of maestro leather craftsmen with great care and pride. The leather used is vegetable-tanned Vacchetta leather with natural grains and "wrinkles" that add variations in tonality. It's beauty will grow with age and use.

fiestey black leather 65

Do cold, sleet and snow beckon you away from the fire and into the outdoors? Here's your winter hiker. Or snowshoer. Or musher. This boot gives you a performance hiker fit and support, the flexibility for outdoor action and athletic-shoe lacing. It's completely waterproof and has the warmth of Polartec 200 fleece lining combined with 200 grams of Thinsulate Ultra insulation.

The ultimate performance cheerleading shoe! Synthetic leather upper provides superior comfort and durability. Sculpted midfoot arch and heel notch increase support while stunting. Multi-directional rubber outsole with anatomical forefoot flex grooves offer maximum traction and flexibility. Premium sock liner adds maximum cushioning and long life. 12 color card system delivers team customization for three stars on each shoe. Wt. 9.8 oz.

The Heely's Vapor roller shoes bring you a new style of skating with a special wheel housed in the heel. They allow you to transition to a roll at any given moment for coasting fun and original tricks. Remove the detachable wheel and Heely's instantly transform into a pair of fashionable street shoes.	The Heely's Vapore roller shoes for kids feature a wheel housed in the heel, allowing you to walk, run and transition to a roll at any given moment. Remove the detachable wheel and Heely's instantly transform into a pair of fashionable street shoes.

#748795  UPPER

Take good care of your feet with Browning 8" Waterproof Leather Boots with Thinsulate Ultra. Ever notice how when you're feet are miserable, so are you? A long day in the field can take it's toll on your feet. That's why you should trust your dawgs to Browning Boots. They're made to give your feet the TLC they need to get you to the boonies and back. These 8" Boots offer rugged durability, 100% waterproof protection and the kind of day-long comfort you need when you're in it for the long haul. More

Kick out in this western-inspired wedge bootie from Bandolino. The Master features a stitched leather upper with pull tabs for an easier on. Beneath, a sculpted wedge heel lifts, while the manmade sole ensures your every step remains true.	Fall's go-to boot  Calfskin leather upper  Pull-on style  Lightly padded footbed  3" heel height

Sweet, feminine and oh so light, Ellie's Heather sandal offers deconstructed style perfect for flaunting beautiful feet. An ankle strap offers stability to this minimalist design, while the bow brings girlish charm to the metal heel with a glitzy bead.	4.5 inch Metallic Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Removable Bow.

Introducing the T9 roadster, a convertible for the court. Six month outsole wear guarantee

Women's Performance Stability shoe which is lightweight, supportive, smooth and fast.

PVC upper, EVA midsole/outsole, injected footbed.

5 Inch Stiletto Heel With 3/4 Inch Platform And Straps

The traditional pump goes exotic in this chic design from J. Renee. Made with  a luxurious eelskin upper, the Madison features a modern, rounded toe and sturdy dress  heel. Metallic gold detailing on the lining and sole adds a gleam of excitement, while the  padded footbed offers cushioned support to every step.	They'll take notice of your sophisticated ensemble in the Madison wedges from J. Renee.Crinkle patent, leather, or suede upper in a dress wedge style with a round, peep toeHeel sling strap with an adjustable buckleSmooth lining, cushioning insoleTraction outsole, 1 1/2 inch wedge heel

Style SSWK955. Super-soft, lightweight stretch nubby polyester. Pink ribbon embroidery on cuff. Comfortable slipper socks. Nubby, lightweight and breathable.

Another remarkably comfortable rugged design from Doc Martens, this classic street-ready shoe has a lace-up entry with four eyelets and two D-rings. Its tumbled leather upper has a handsome full-grain look and a super-soft and supple feel. You'll appreciate its protective air-cushioned sole, which provides extreme comfort and durability, and its yellow stitching completes the signature look.	Total comfort awaits you with Dr. Martens Bex Flex Shoes! Put a little bounce into your step! These Bex Flex Shoes combine two of Dr. Martens best innovations to make your feet feel better. First, they have the famous AirWair air-cushioned soles for incredible comfort. Second, they have Flex Link, which helps absorb footfall shock and soften compression as you walk. It's a lot of fancy shoe science that's hard to explain. But this much I can tell you, your feet will feel the difference! My relationship with the manufacturer put me in the right place at the right time for tremendous savings! Features include

If you're the kind of guy who makes plans to catch a matine at 3 p.m. and somehow winds up on three-mile hike instead, the Teva Men's Viejo Sandals are for you. With street style and trail-friendly Vibram Utility outsoles, these sandals can easily make the switch from city life to a jaunt in the hills. The Viejo's waterproof leather uppers don't balk at mountain streams or dog-walks through the sprinklers. Teva souped up these sandals with an EVA Shoc Pad in the heel that provides greater spring with each forefoot push-off. The classic Teva strap system gives your foot a comfortable fit, and an anti-bacterial treatment wards off foot odor.Product FeaturesMaterial

A throwback to the sneaker-crazed 80s, this athletic-inspired shoe from Fila is the perfect shoe for commuting to work, walking to class, or enjoying a long stroll in the park. The F-13 features a soft nubuck leather upper, a classic lace-up front and supportive high-top design. The soft mesh fabric lining offers a breathable fit, while the adjustable hook and loop ankle strap provides added comfort and support.	Get physical in style with these cool classic fitness hi-tops from Fila.  Filabuck or smooth leather upper in a hi-top training style, with stitching, overlay and perforation accents, embroidered Fila logo detail, and a lace up front. Adjustable ankle strap with Velcro closure, padded collar and tongue, soft mesh fabric lining. Cushioned insole and a shock absorbing midsole. Flexible traction patterned outsole.

KangaROOS were invented back in the day when phone booths were on every corner and a call cost a dime. That's 1979--a great year for those who remember it. Architect and designer Robert Gamm was a runner, and he wanted a place to stash his house key and his change when he went for a run. Ahhh, necessity--the mother of invention. He created sneakers with a pocket, called them KangaROOS and patented an energy return technology that was researched and tested by NASA. Sports stars Walter Payton, Ozzie Smith, and Clyde Drexler sported ROOS and helped spread the word. Fast-forward to today

Suede upper, rubber cupsole.

Get your pretty on with this Miso Pretty Kitten Shopper bag.  This oversized rugged bag demands to be carried along to tote all the necessities.  It's plastic outer and reinforced bottom are decorated with classic Miso Pretty pop art and catch phrases that are suited for the fashionista anywhere.  Like

Mesh and synthetic leather upper with non-slip performance lining. Molded EVA sockliner adds comfort. CMEVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Molded multi cleat adiWEAR rubber outsole. Wt. 11.2 oz.

You'll channel your favorite glam rocker in the Pleaser Slush-214 knee-high boot. The luscious upper features decorative laces up the shaft, while a side zipper allows you for easy access and a snug fit. A platform and sky-high heel give you a delicious boost. Pair with leather pants, jeans, or a miniskirt.	SLUSH-214-4 3/4" Chunky High Heel-Lace-up Detail-Platform Knee High Boots-Patent Leather Upper-Side Zip

You're not a regular guy, so why would you settle for a "regular" casual sneaker? That's what we thought. The Tacoma low profile sneaker from  Clarks features a leather upper with contrast stitching, a full lace up closure, and dual-goring for a completely flexible step. There is nothing  "regular" about the comfort you'll receive from this amazingly stylish shoe--watch out, the innovative technology just might blow your socks right off!	Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

iglou natural suede 80

duke black paris 70

For a seriously performing boot that also happens to look great, check out Rocky Dutys Fort Hood. Waterproof uppers meld leather and cordura for pliable strength, while a non-metallic stabilizer and SWAT outsole keep you going in all conditions. Customize your fit with a full-length lacing panel, but get in and out quick via the side zipper. Collar, tongue, and footbed are padded for comfort.	Rubber SWAT outsole. For women's sizes, add 2 to the men's size. For example, a men's size 5 is a women's size 7.

duke black paris 75

Make a dramatic entrance and even more a dramatic exit while wearing the Smoothe pump from Steve Madden. This sexy pump has a suede upper, an alluring peep toe topped with a feminine bow detail, a covered stiletto heel, soft leather lining, a cushioned insole, and a lightly textured outsole for certainty in every step.	Steve Madden Women's 'Smoothe' Pump features a peep toe and a classy bow at the toe.

One of the hottest shoes this season, you will simple die for this flower print peep toe heel!  Simply amazing multicolor floral print design on a imitation stacked platform heel.

The Bridgeport loafer fuses Florsheim's century of shoemaking experience with a bold, diagonal leather pattern, adding a stylish element to any dressy wardrobe. Made with fine buffalo leather and a durable leather sole, these loafers feature a fully cushioned footbed with leather and sock linings for added comfort.	Florsheim's buffalo calfskin leather style is a handsewn Venetian dress slip-on exudes cool, self-assured confidence. It's a look for success, with bold side and toe stitching as well as a trendy woven vamp plug.  Buffalo Calfskin Leather Upper  Leather Lining  Leather-Covered Cushioned Insole  Leather Sole

hether white leather 85

Evolving from just six t-shirts and a can of spray paint in 1993, Ecko Unlimited has become a full-scale global fashion and lifestyle company under the leadership of designer and founder Marc Ecko. With strong roots in hip-hop and youth culture, the iconic brand has become the touchstone of a generation without boundaries. In the youth culture marketplace, style and credibility reign supreme. Rhino Unlimited and Rhino Red footwear represents this culture in its look, feel, attitude and energy. Proudly emblazoned with the world-famous Rhino icon, Rhino Unlimited and Rhino Red footwear is in a class of its own.

hether white leather 80

No Description

The Saucony Grid Trigon 3 Guide running shoe has a breathable air mesh and supportive synthetic upper. A dual-density CMEVA midsole gives responsive cushioning, stability and durability. The premium sockliner improves step-in comfort and cushioning. SRC Impact Zone provides shock attenuation and sets up the foot for a smooth transition through the gait cycle. Midfoot support bridge. XT-900/b/c R outsole with flex grooves. Wt. 12.4 oz.

Who says Mary Janes are just for little girls? Not Bandolino. Polish up an old favorite with a touch of grown-up glamour, and here's the result

The Reebok Pump Torch features pump technology, a series of inflatable chambers that allow you to custom-fit the Reebok ATR Pump Torch basketball shoe to your feet for maximum comfort, fit and support. Full foot chamber fits over the top of the foot, ankle, heel and midfoot. Leather and synthetic upper features breathable mesh for ventilation and a medial/lateral lace support system. Sculpted EVA midsole offers cushioning. High-abrasion, dimpled rubber outsole features a herringbone pattern for traction on the court.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 95

Styled for women, this Crocs(tm) Mary Jane casual shoe provides comfort and support to round out your footwear collection. It's made with Croslite(tm) material, which conforms to your foot for a custom fit, and has circulation nubs to stimulate blood flow.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 90

Your other shoes are going to freaking hate the Court Classic Perfection men's tennis shoes. Imagine the scene when it introduces itself to all the other footwear in your closet. "Hi, nice to meet you, Beat Up Old Yard Work Shoes and Garage Sale Cowboy Boots. I'm the Court Classic Perfection." It's name is actually "Perfection;" how snooty is that? Things will only get worse once you actually start wearing the Court Classic Perfection men's tennis shoes, because you aren't going to want to take them off. Not only do the Court Classic Perfections have the support and traction needed to coax out your best performance level on the court, but they have the casual stylishness and comfortable cushioning to make them your new favorites off court as well. How do you expect Garage Sale Cowboy Boots to compete with that? You can't, of course, so the Court Classic Perfection men's tennis shoes won't be spending much time in your closet, which you can bet will be fine with them once the other shoes start to gang up on the Perfections. You don't even want to know what can be done to a shoe with a few strategically placed Velcro straps.

Shift into Gear Box Wedge Boots, PRICED RIGHT! Supple leather. Roomy moc toe! Ready to make tracks as you pocket savings, due to an overstock. Gorgeous leather uppers (is there an echo in here?); Super cushioning, blown-rubber outsole is oil resistant, grippy; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Permanent, leather-lined and padded insole for comfort; Unlined shaft for cool breathability; Padded Taibrelle-lined tongue; Each approx. 8" h. and weighs 22 ozs. State Width

****Black/White/Red will not be available to ship until the beginning of July.**** The Pump 2.0 system with auto on/off valve automatically inflates for a custom fit. Turn it on when you need it and off when you dont. The Reebok Answer IX Pump basketball shoe has a top quality full-grain leather upper with a forefoot stability strap and breathable lining material. An external TPU heel counter provides ankle stability and support. Herringbone traction pattern outsole. Wt. 18.2 oz. **Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.**

This slip-on from Donald J Pliner is perfect for the office or an evening on the town. The Rex's rich leather upper features minimal seams for a sleek look, while leather linings allow superior breathability. Rubber overlays on the leather outsole increase durability and help to steady your step.	When the feet are uncomfortable, so is the mind and body. With these words, Donald J Pliner has committed his life to the quality and perfection of an innovative line of shoes. A life-long and family tradition is continued with his luxuriously comfortable footwear that never compromises creativity or fashion. Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury footwear and accessories in 1989, and immediately established a reputation for innovative design and high style for both men and women. Pioneering new materials, such as stretchable micro-fibers, he also brought unprecedented comfort, flexibility, and lightness to footwear. Born into a Chicago-based family shoe business, life at DJP is also a family affair. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife and frequent model for the innovative ad campaigns, works side-by-side with him to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. And the Pliner's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll, is ever present, inspiring her own clothing line for the past three years. Today this global brand, manufactured in both Italy and Spain, has established an almost cult following among people who were originally attracted by the fashion-forward style, but return again and again for the comfort and craftsmanship.

Kaepa cheer shoe designed for indoor or outdoor use. Ultra-light materials and flexible construction combine with sleek toe bumpers for unrestricted tumbling. Patented snap-in logos and color card systems allow up to 120 different color combinations. APX cushioning absorbs impact forces and resists compression. 360 degree Finger Grooves provide increased control and comfort during stunts. Gum rubber outsole provides balance, traction and control. Lightweight leather upper is abrasion resistant and easy to clean. Forefoot flexibility gives added flex for maximum comfort and performance. Agion anti-microbial lining kills bacteria and odor for fresh, comfortable feet.

Suede leather and mesh upper, EVA midsole, rubber outsole.

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	A revved up version of the standard Mary Jane, this sporty sneaker is ready to cruise the town. Cool asymmetrical lines grace the breathable textile and leather upper. The adjustable leather strap creates a secure fit, and the durable rubber outsole is traction patterned for excellent grip on a variety of surfaces. This modern-day Mary Jane looks great with everything from jeans to skirts.

Roll with style in Reebok's Classic sneaker. Suede accents add a high-class touch. Famous for comfort, thanks to the cushioning of a sculpted EVA midsole and a padded foam sockliner. High abrasion outsole provides traction and durability--so you don't have to slow down.	Set your sights on original styling with Reebok's Classic Nylon. Fashioned in nylon and suede, for a lightweight fit and feel. Insole is cushioned over a tapered EVA midsole, for comfort in motion. Rubber outsole sets your casual adventures in motion with flexible durability.

This stylish moc-toe ankle boot is outfitted on a rugged lug outsole for reliable grip and long-lasting wear.  The Dublin II features a smooth leather or nubuck upper with a prominent stitched toe seam, two-eyelet lacing, and an SAO logo detail.  A padded collar and cushioned footbed deliver added comfort.	Enhance any outfit with the Stacy Adams Dublin II boot. This men's casual chukka-style ankle boot has a supple suede, leather or nubuck leather upper for a soft feel. Stitching accents and the moccasin toe lend an authentic look, as the padded collar and footbed add cushioned comfort. The Stacy Adams Dublin II boot has a deeply lugged synthetic sole for rugged traction on any surface.

Perforated full-grain leather upper with EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

Criss-cross toe straps wrap low around a cork wedge heel in this sleek and innovative leather sandal from Me Too. This breezy slip-on sandal is built with a comfortable cushioned footbed and a flexible rubber sole.	Criss-cross toe straps wrap low around a cork wedge heel in this sleek and innovative leather sandal from Me Too. This breezy slip-on sandal is built with a comfortable cushioned footbed and a flexible rubber sole

Men's Wolverine Harrison Gore - Tex Waterproof Boots protect your feet from moisture. BIG BUCKS OFF! Keep your feet dry all day long. These Men's Harrison Gore-Tex Waterproof Boots keep water from penetrating, but they're also breathable to let moisture escape. Their Pere Marquette rubber and polyurethane outsole resists oil, water, abrasion, chemicals, heat and slips. Take a look

Every beachgoer has seen broken, discarded sandals littering the sand. Over 35 years ago, the President and Founder of Rainbow Sandals, Jay R. Longley Jr., had this same experience and came up with a simple idea

In the time honored tradition of Stone Mountain, this bucket shaped winner has outlasted them all for casual convenient styling.

Rock-solid fashions for the family on the go. Whether it's cold-weather boots or rugged sandals, Northside is all about keeping families moving. The products are built to withstand what today's active families throw at them, or on them. Available in the latest styles, materials and colors, these shoes offer flattering silhouettes with great features like quick-draw lacing, toe guards and traction soles. In fact, Northside all-season footwear offers the features of higher-priced brands, without the high price tag. Finally, there's family footwear to get excited about.	Your girls will enjoy the sweet style of the Avia Stella shoes. These shoes feature a suede and nylon upper with leather accents and a padded tongue and collar. Mesh lining and a padded insole provide fresh comfort and cushioning. The rubber and fabric outsole provide durability and traction.

Puma's Top DI FG soccer shoe will kick your game into high gear. This flexible cleat provides ankle support and a fold-over tongue for outstanding ball control, plus a lightweight outsole with conical stud configuration.	#70115  Take the Field with the Puma King Top di FG!

This Chocorua sandal from Timberland will fit perfectly into your active lifestyle. With its oiled nubuck upper and cushioned, moisture-wicking linings, there isn't much that this sandal can't handle--plus, it will deliver unbelievable comfort, matched with optimum traction.	The Chocorua Trail Mid w/ Gore-Tex Membrane Black by Timberland Tree features

Comfortable and fun to wear these clogs are the latest trend in fashion footwear.

Leave it to Pleaser to blend fierce with fabulous with the Platoon-202 boot. The lightweight upper features lace detail down the center of the shaft, while a side zipper allows for a snug fit and easy access. The on-trend platform and wedge give you a serious lift that will look great with cargo pants.	Heel Height

jumpp red fabric 100

Women's Sperry Top-sider Super Highs, PRICED LESS! Sink your feet into these gorgeous Boots for amazing comfort and sharp looks. They're styled after the authentic originals, that soon became the favorites of women in the frontier days. Stylish nubuck leather uppers; Rubber, non-marking, wave siping outsole for sure grip, even when wet; Permanent, leather-lined EVA insole for comfort; Unlined for cool breathability; 360 Degrees rawhide lacing for stablility; Roomy moc-toe; Each is approx. 10"h. and 10 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Women's Sperry Top-sider Super Highs, Wheat

Women's Thorogood Steel Toe Slip-ons. BIG BUCKS OFF! Because bruised toes hurt! A style change saves you big ones! Stylish full-grain leather uppers; Anti-slip, oil-resistant rubber outsole; Permanent, leather-lined EVA insole; Leather lining in the heel area; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; ANSI 75 rated steel safety toe; Gore slip-on styling for easy on / off; Each is approx. 23 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Act Now! Women's Thorogood Steel Toe Slip-ons, Black

Now women can enjoy a pressure-free walk with the FootSmart Women's Stretchies Slip-On Shoe. Its stretch neoprene upper helps to ease bunion, corn, and hammertoe pain, and two removable insoles let you create a comfortable custom fit. A lightweight polyurethane insole absorbs impact and flexible construction helps reduce foot fatigue, so you'll enjoy a softer-feeling step. A durable rubber outsole offers great traction, so you'll feel steady and stable on your feet.

Established in 1986, etnies is the first skateboarder-owned and skateboarder-operated global action sports footwear and apparel company. etnies not only pushed the envelope by creating the first pro model skate shoe, but it pioneered technological advances and changed the face of skateboard footwear forever. Today, etnies' vision is to remain the leading action sports company committed to creating functional products that provide the most style, comfort, durability and protection possible. etnies stays true to its roots by sponsoring a world-class team of skateboarding, surfing, snowboarding, moto-x, and BMX athletes and continues its dedication by giving back to each of these communities.

First introduced in 1969, the Superstar 2 just keeps getting better. Classic lines, classic colors, and a timeless design will make this shoe your go-to casual kicks. This handsome basketball low-top features a full grain leather upper for superior comfort and Adidas signature rubber shell toe and trefoil logo. With its grippy vulcanized rubber outsole, you'll be moving and grooving in style.	Adidas Mens Basketball Shoes Leather upper Round shell toe for durability Adidas logo on tongue and heel Flexible midsole

You don't need boots to benefit from steel toe cap protection. This Nautilus sneaker with steel toe cap is capable of withstanding more than 2,500 pounds of compression and 75 pounds of impact. Wear it for leisure, sports or work.	Nylon and Leather Upper. Ergonomically Designed "Wide Area" Steel Toe Cap. Removable Anti-Fatigue Polyurethane Insole. EVA Midsole for Maximum Comfort. Highly Durable, Slip- and Oil-Resistant Firm Support Outsole with Shank for Stability. No Exposed Metal to Meet Scratch Resistant Workplace Requirement. Meets or Exceeds ASTM 2413-05 Impact/Compression and SD Ratings.

Get a whole bunch of comfort along with good looks with these plush slip ons from Florsheim. Supple full grain leather upper in a casual slip on style, with a square toe with raised bicycle seams. Side overlay and stitching details and heel overlay. Side elastic panels for easy slip on. Soft sheepskin leather lining, comfort cushioned sheepskin leather topped insole. Very flexible midsole, 1 1/4 inch rubber heel. Traction patterned rubber sole.

The adidas T-MAC 1 Team basketball shoe has a full-grain leather and synthetic materials upper. adiPRENE in forefoot. Torsion System provides midfoot arch protection. Non-marking rubber outsole with multi-directional pattern adds maximum traction. Wt. 18.6 oz.

Feel as fresh as a spring day in this modern take on the espadrille. Featuring a flower-inspired print design and a picture-perfect peep toe, the Eve pairs beautifully with just about anything in your closet. Its solid, height-inspiring wedge heel and matching decorative blossom accent complete the look.	Not Rated is the offspring of Naughty Monkey. A junior line in concept, they went back to the drawing board, rethought fashion, hacked out the higher prices and transplanted the cool looks. Not Rated delivers a fashion-forward style that will leave fashionistas in awe.

The ASICS GEL-Rocket III is an excellent multi-court shoe. Use it for volleyball, squash, badminton, racquetball and a variety of other court sports. Features a forefoot GEL Cushioning System for responsive cushioning, shock absorption and rebound. Gum rubber outsole delivers excellent traction on indoor surfaces. Removable sockliner is washable and compatible with ankle support braces.

NEW ITEM, GREAT LOW PRICE! Vintage OD Two Pocket Shoulder Bag With Grommets 12 oz. Stone Washed Cotton Canvas Row Of Silver Grommets Under Main Compartment Zipper Silver Hardware On Adjustable Shoulder Strap Two Front Pockets With Velcro  Closure One Rear Zippered Pocket Interior Pocket With Snap Closure

Dan Post Vegas Cut Boots, the "golden nugget" of footwear. Broken in right out of the box, and featuring the Cushion Comfort System, Dan Post Boots are recognized all over for their traditional western flair. Get yourself noticed in these Vegas Cut Boots. The detailed western-style stitch set in tan and brown leather puts strut in your stuff. Well-heeled, no-gamble quality

This electric shoe-care appliance eliminates the need for visiting a  shoeshine stand in order to be spiffily shod. It's cordless, rechargeable,  lightweight, and ingenious in design. Five brushes make up the set

The classic shoe for young girls, Stride Rites T-strap shoe comes in leather for added flexibility and comfort. Cut-out details on the upper provide a sweet, girly look. Just perfect for wearing with a dress, these shoes can also be paired with a more casual look. The rubber outsole is durable and will offer extra stability for your young walker. Stride Rite specifically designs shoes to meet the needs of toddlers who are taking their first, uneasy steps.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Synthetic/mesh upper. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and forefoot, Stability Web. Aggressive solid rubber lugged outsole. Wt. 14.8 oz.

CLASSIC Birkenstock Collection

Electrify your look in this sexy knee-high boot from Pleaser. Its platform, flared heel, and fully-laced entry present a flirtatious vibe, but its bold buckle detailing takes it into ultra-provocative, tough-girl territory. It also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	Shaft Height

The Vaneli Bice slide features an illustrious sleek look accented by three rows of mother-of-pearl button detailing on the vamp strap. A small kitten-like heel that is thickset for stability and a contoured padded footbed add support and ease of wear. With a striking leather upper and outsole, the versatile Bice can be worn with capris, shorts, or your favorite summer dress.	Get shimmering summer charm in this unique sandal  Cork/mesh upper  Foam cushioned footbed  Leather sole with 1-1/4 heel  Multi-colored discs play across the vamp

Nothing is better than when form and function join forces. This practical loafer has the best of the both worlds

Just like you, Ariat's Fatbaby boot is a pretty performer. Cool contrasts and stitch detailing modernize the look while ATS technology adds lightweight stability and cushioning. Additionally, its Pro Crepe outsole was designed for riding, and to slip easily in and out of stirrups.	Original Fatbaby with a clean, basic appearance

He'll be as handsome as can be wearing the T-Flex Sr. oxford from Kenneth Cole REACTION. It's a lace-up dress shoe with a square toe box and moc-toe stitching. It  also features a buttery leather upper, soft leather linings, and a lightly padded removable footbed for long-lasting comfort.	Sharp style for well-dressed young men  Leather upper  Leather lining  Cushioned insole  Flexible TPR sole

All Neil M shoes are designed and produced to give you incredible comfort -- all day, on all surfaces, for all occasions. Neil M has achieved this through the integration of design, materials and manufacturing elements. For people with orthotics these shoes are not only orthotic friendly but a great fashionable alternative from the usual plain orthotic shoes. Neil M unitizes comfort foot beds and super-soft leathers together with specialized manufacturing techniques so that all our styles are amazingly comfortable.

These Unisex 14 Eye Boots in Black Smooth from Dr. Martens are so comfortable right out of the box you'll want to find excuses to wear them for every occasion. The quality leather shaft (pre-inspected for scars before construction) measures nearly 11 inches tall. Bright yellow contrast stitching along the edge of the soles tells you these aren't your grandpa's work boots. Benefits of Goodyear Welt Goodyear welt is a shoe construction in which the upper and sole of the shoe are stitched together for greater durability rather than glued. The resulting seam is visible and runs around the outside of the shoe, where the upper and outsole meet. About Dr. Martens  Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctors immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Get a little anarchy from the UK in the Dr. Martens Boot 1914 W. Everything about this women's boot is created to the original specifications made famous by Dr. Martens boots

Get the protection of a steel toe with the comfort and convenience of a slip-on. This full-grain, water-resistant brown leather Nautilus shoe is ergonomically-designed. Lightweight but strong enough to keep your feet safe, this slip-on is perfect fit for work or home.	Nautilus took their best selling moccasin slip-on shoe, and turned it into a steel toe safety shoe! You might not need big heavy boots on the job, but still want the protection of a steel toe. The N1620 Brown Men's Steel Safety Toe Slip-On Shoe would be perfect for a construction foreman, or an architect, or contractor who is on and off the job site all day, and still wants the look and feel of a shoe. Want a safety shoe that is guaranteed comfortable? (And you have 30 days to decide?)The Nautilus N1620 is just what you,ve been looking for. The Nautilus N1620 Brown Men's Safety Toe Slip-On Shoe is made with a full-grain water-resistant leather upper, and has Cambrelle lining. This Nautilus has a removable anti-fatigue polyurethane footbed, an EVA midsole for comfort, a fiberglass shank for incredible stability, and a non-marking oil- and slip-resistant rubber stabilizer sole is cemented to the bottom of the shoe for strength and durability. The steel toe cap is extra wide for comfort and protection, and meets or exceeds ASTM F2413-05 impact and compression specifications. This Nautilus shoe also meets or exceeds ASTM F2413-05 Standards for SD Footwear. Nautilus wants to change the way you think about work shoes. N1620 Brown Men's Steel Safety Toe Slip-On Shoe is a top-rated shoe that looks and feels great. If you have been uncomfortable in a large, clunky steel toe boot that you really didn't need for the job, try the Nautilus N1620 slip-on shoe. We guarantee it will change the way you think about safety footwear. Sizes Manufactured

Self-adhesive sure tred sole pads protect against slipping on wet, icy or carpeted surfaces  Perfect for dress pumps  Will not mar floors

Targhee II Hiking Boot Available in shoe and boot styles, Keen Men's Targhee II is the ideal hiking partner. The rugged Targhee II gives you the comfort and support of an athletic shoe and the resilience and protective features of a rough-and-tough hiking boot. This style keeps your feet dry and your step steady thanks to a waterproof nubuck upper, 4-millimeter multi-directional lugs, and a Keen.Dry waterproof membrane. And for exceptional support mile after mile, the Targhee II combines an S3 heel structure with a dual-density, compression-molded EVA midsole and a Keen Metatomical EVA footbed. FeaturesSporty lace-up boot with waterproof upperEVA midsole and removable footbed for exceptional supportS3 heel support prevents ankle injuriesKeen.Dry liner wicks away moistureMulti-directional lugs for dependable traction SpecsWeight

Mukluk King in Tan with Fox Fur. Whole sizes only!

When you think of Grasshoppers, you think of comfort. And theres a reason. One of the best-known names in casual American footwear, they've been making great footwear for decades. This Ashland sneaker has a lace-up front for a snug fit and a durable rubber outsole for easy walking all day long. Perfect for your busy lifestyle, the basic look can work its way into any wardrobe.	Fun, flexible, foot-hugging and pleasing to the touch  Nubuck poly upper stretches ever so slightly  Breathable nylon lining  Dual-density Memory Foam insole  Composite rubber sole with 1" heel  PureFit comfort system

When it comes to shoes, the Super-Birki is the king of comfort and durability. This clog was made for the long-haul--its easy-care upper and convenient, slip-on style is perfect for an on-the-go lifestyle, and will last you for years to come. Whether you wear it in the kitchen, the garden, or just out roaming around, you'll enjoy the cushioned, steady step it brings.	Pamper your foot when you slip-on the Birki's Women Super-Birki Clog for everyday comfort! This professional clog features an anatomically shaped, removable footbed to absorb shock with each of your steps for a soft impact to go along with long-lasting comfort. The interior and exterior longitudinal arch support follows along with the natural shape of your foot for a customized fit. Durable EVA outsole offers superior flexibility and is easy to repair so the shoe lasts longer.

Cool to cold climate duty calls for Danner Acadia 200 gram Boots. Tough, waterproof and warm. That sums up the famous Danner Acadia 8" 200 gram. Fortified with Thinsulate Insulation for applications in cooler climates or more moderate activities. Gives you the added warmth you need, yet it only gains 1/2-oz. per Boots in weight over the uninsulated version. Specs

Features a contrasting embroidered logo and a real rubber Sanuk Happy U sole.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive dragon fly design is embroidered onto soft and durable sky blue canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create and snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Indigo design on sky blue canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

The Timberland Timbercourt Ox features soft Napa leather or a smooth leather upper. EVA footbed, perforated toe and oil-resistant, non-marling rubber outsole.

Putting points on the board and tough defense never go out of style, and that's what every generation of this classic basketball shoe has always been designed to do. Mesh and full-grain leather upper offers comfort and breathability. Textile lining and EVA insole provide additional comfort. Integrated midsole delivers optimized cushioning and stability. Herringbone pattern outsole enhances traction and grip.

The Mezlan family began its legacy in footwear making saddles for generations of European aristocrats. With a reputation for fine workmanship and superior craftsmanship, the Mezlan name became regarded as one of the finest in the world. Over time, Mezlan increased their production capabilities, transforming from a custom shop to a cottage industry, to a small manufacturer. As always, the focus was on making beautiful footwear with the original master touch of quality and craftsmanship. To this day, the Mezlan family remains the author of brilliant shoes and accessories made all better by a rich and interesting history.	Dress to the nines in these handsome Santander loafers from Mezlan.  Fine Italian leather upper in a classic dress penny loafer style with a round apron toe, traditional kiltie tongue and elegant double tassels.  Smooth leather lining and cushioning insole.  Dress-style midsole.  Smooth leather outsole with traction grooves around perimeter.  Stacked dress heel.  Made in Spain.

Contrast embroidered logo and a rubber Sanuk Happy U sole. Sizing (based on shoe size) S = 5/6, M = 7/8, L =- 9/10.

Birkenstock's Boston clog is traditionally crafted. The leather upper clog encompasses your foot, while a classic metal buckle ensures a snug fit. The anatomically molded insole, cork midsole and molded rubber outsole makes this a must-have for every casual footwear collection.	Take comfort to a new level in this stylish clog with its natural "barefoot" feel  Suede leather upper  Ergonomically contoured cork/latex footbed  Rubber-like traction sole Please order Euro size and width

Rest assured with the Lace Conform Oxford from Apex. Part of the Ambulator Conform collection, this lightweight walking shoe has a full grain leather upper with a lace-up front closure. The Plastazote foam lining molds to the foot for a customized fit that offers protection to those with diabetes, arthritis, and forefoot disorders such as bunions and hammer toes. A hidden-depth rocker sole provides stability, and a removable orthotic ensures customized support and fit.

Sometimes the good guys wear black! American handcrafted Tony Lama 13" Ostrich Boots with exotic ostrich leather! Here's the handmade comfort and killer style you expect from Tony Lama. U.S.A. made with a herd-load of leather everywhere, including finest ostrich leather. Every pair of handcrafted Tony Lama Boots provides instant comfort and flexibility. Long, lean and luxurious

The Fubu Alpine features a Nubuck and synthetic upper, EVA midsole and a rubber outsole.

Perfect sneaker casual with the Mack sneaker from CK Jeans. Its classic, athletic-inspired profile features canvas panels to enhance ventilation along with soft suede overlays to lend a vintage look. The flexible rubber sole enhances cushion and support making this a strong urban find.	With the Mack sneakers by Calvin Klein Jeans, peruse the town in comfortable casual style. These shoes feature a combination canvas/suede upper with a full lace-up front, padded collar for extra ankle support, and a smooth interior for sure footed comfort. The flexible outsole is durable with long-lasting support as well.

*BOOT WOMEN MID GRDN COFFE S

Lightweight, supportive synthetic leather upper with double stitch details and adiTUFF toe. Full-length EVA midsole with adiPRENE board and sockliner over lightweight Pebax plate with interchangeable C4S spike technology. Includes metal and TPU cleats and wrench. Wt. 15 oz.

FRESH-31, 4" Open Toe Strappy Ankle Wrap Sandal

Reebok CL Amaze Mids at an amazing price! SAVE BIG! The closest you'll ever come to floating on air. Synthetic leather uppers that look cool, stay tough; Rubber outsole grips where you step; Removable cotton-lined EVA insole for comfort; Padded tongue and collar; Velcro adjustable ankle strap for stability; Approx. 5" h., 18 ozs. Float to the mouse and order ONLINE now! State Size. Medium width. Men's Reebok CL Amaze Mids, Black

What are Heely's? They're shoes that roll! These one of a kind, powerful, lightweight athletic shoes feature a single, stealth wheel housed in the heel, allowing athletes of all skill levels to walk, run and transition to a roll at any moment. Roll into all situations, or simply remove the wheel and transform your Heely's into a pair of fashionable street shoes!

A301 Anvil Boater Tote Bag Make your promotions ring strong with an Anvil. 100% cotton canvas 14-oz. contrast color strap and bottom self-adhesive closure with hideaway brass key clip front self-fabric pocket Sizes

Get the classic tough-as-nails desert boot sole... SAVINGS PRICED! If you love the durability of the Army's original Desert boot sole, this is for you. Made by DOD-approved maker Altama, these Boots have the Army's original-issue one-piece rubber sole... it just keeps wearing and wearing. Have a look

Lightweight nylon mesh and synthetic leather upper, EVA midsole with adiPRENE, Torsion System, gum rubber outsole.

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.	All that glitters is gold! Nine West turns on the glamour with the Yamaris wedge pump. It features a smooth leather upper with a flashy mirrored wedge heel, a flirty peep toe, soft suede lining, a cushioned insole, and a textured outsole for confidence in every step. 	3 3/4 inches.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive dragon fly design is embroidered onto soft and durable grass green canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Ivory design on grass green canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

If the daily agenda calls for a lot of time on your feet, the Dansko's Professional Cabrio clog is perfect. Tastefully styled and masterfully crafted with a quality leather upper and fashionable profile thats appropriate in almost any professional setting. A breathable perforated insole, built-in arch support and shock-absorbing out sole ensure all-day comfort.	The Dansko Professional Cabrio Womens Clogs features an easy to maintain leather upper. The ability to easily maintain the clogs, let you feel like they're always new. A Polyethylene heel counter allows the heel to move up and down when walking. Polyurethane outsole provides shock absorption and flexibility every step of the way.

Order up this low fat, no whipped cream Frappachino venti style, because you'll need room for the amount of comfort that is about to come your way. This sporty-chic thong from Volatile has a pebbled leather upper with tonal stitching, a breathable cushioned insole, and a high tread herringbone textured outsole. Get your daily fashion fix with the Frappachino.	Order up this low fat, no whipped cream Frappachino venti style, because you'll need room for the amount of comfort that is about to come your way. This sporty-chic thong from Volatile has a pebbled leather upper with tonal stitching, a breathable cushioned insole, and a high tread herringbone textured outsole. Get your daily fashion fix with the Frappachino.

#553283

Rugged Bates Duty Oxfords... now BIG BUCKS OFF! Ready to go! A fussy inspector labeled these Bates Oxfords "factory seconds." But in no way does a slight imperfection affect performance. Only the amazing price! Full-grain leather uppers; Oil-resistant, non-marking, Vibram Hypalon outsole; Removable DuraShocks comfort insole; Repairable Goodyear welt construction; Cambrelle lining wicks away moisture; 3 3/4" h., weigh 22 ozs. Nab the savings ONLINE now! State Width

For a shoe that's good for work or for play, look no further than the Shelter Plain Toe Oxford from Dockers. The simple lines of the leather upper creates a classic tied look for almost any occasion. The tractioned rubber sole allows you to walk around for hours with support and stability.	Square off against the elements in Dockers' rugged oxford  Water-resistant, stain-resistant full grain "tumbled" leather upper  Thick foam insole  Oil-resistant Rubberlon sole provides grip  Padded collar and tongue  Flex Construction for first-step break-in

For all-day comfort wear the Puma Mens Alacron L II. This casual shoe is fit for any wardrobe. If you like a shoe built for success, this shoe comes equipped with all the features needed to travel on any terrain. Its aggressive leather upper offers a tough, durable exterior. The foot is cushioned through the TPU shank and a visible iCELL unit in the heel. More cushioning is in the forefoot while a three-color EverTrack outsole offers long-lasting durability.

Me Tooshoes mean fashion, comfort, and affordability. Me Too always stays in sync with the latest fashion trends!

Designed for the fashionable man, the Fortino from Stacy Adams will dress up your wardrobe with a touch of classic style. Featuring a leather upper with an eye-catching croco print and genuine snake detail, and a durable leather sole that flexes with your every step, this dress oxford with a square toe will take you from work to a night out on the town without missing a beat. As comfortable as it is stylish, the Fortino's full leather linings and padded leather insole keep you light on your feet all day and night.	Stacy Adams Fortino Oxfords... step into sophistication! The true snakeskin with black croc printed leather uppers put a glide in your stride! A striking look with moisture-wicking leather liner and a durable sole are exactly what you need in a dress shoe. Shoes weigh approx. 11 ozs. each State Size. Order yours now! WARNING

Nine West Orenda Black Leather 3 inch Wedge Thong.	Rubber Botton for traction.	Comfortable leather sole.

Everyone better watch out when the Seduce pump is on the prowl. Its soft upper is accentuated by a stunningly curvaceous silhouette, and its tall heel and pointed toe have the attitude to hold the entire room's attention.	5 Inch Heel Classic Pump

liner turq leather 80

liner turq leather 85

Walking should always feel this good. And with our Kim Stretch Slip-On shoes, it will - with their double arch support and padded insoles for comfort. Featuring gentle, flattering 1'' heels, the man-made stretch uppers of these women's casual shoes cradle your feet, and leave you feeling fresh and energized every step of the way. * Man-made upper * Women's walking shoes with roomy toe for walking comfort * Durable arch support and padded insole make these slip-on shoes perfect for all-day wear * 1'' heel for subtle style and flattering fit * Imported * See colors below * Wipe clean with damp cloth * Sizes

The men's 3N2 Turf shoe features a full-grain leather and spandex upper which provides you with comfort as you play. The compression-molded EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning, while the TPR plate with a TPU shank in the arch promotes midfoot stability. Other features include a no-slip sockliner, double stitching in high-wear areas and a molded heel counter.

PLEASER,Single Sole Boots,Ankle/Mid-CalfSEDUCE-1033, 5" Lace-Up Ankle BT W/ Three BuckleAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Built for runners with moderate pronation, the Brooks Trance 5 running shoe is truly a dream to wear. Featuring new HVAC, e-1 and e-2 technologies, the latest Trance offers a combination of cushioning, support and comfort. Microfiber uppers with Element air mesh and linings. HydroFlow ST-XL with forefoot HydroFlow. Full-length

Compare these Stealth Side Zip features

Turn up the heat on the job without giving up true work-boot comfort. Carhartt, knows what you need to get the job done. And these 6" Steel Toe Boots give you all the support plus a slug of 400-gram Thinsulate Ultra insulation to make working on unheated job sites easy. They've even got fully waterproof construction in case you find yourself working in a November rain storm. Check out the features

Moosehide Moccasins feature soft, supple, genuine Moosehide. Fully padded insole with lightweight flexible rubber sole. Cut from only the best leathers. Crafted in the most popular best-selling styles. Combining the best fitting qualities and long-lasting comfort.

Streamlined and durable for week after week of high mileage running, this classic training shoe has it all. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. SpEVA(TM) midsole enhances bounce back during the propulsion phase, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems, ASICS Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) offers a more natural foot motion, internal DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 10.5 oz.

sweater babyblue fabric 80

Blonde Shimmer - Gold Spray - For an all-over finish of shimmering gold dust. Shake well. [4 fl. oz.]

Suede, action leather and nubuck upper with Willy Peeper embroidery, mesh side panels and tongue, triple-stitched toe-cap. Extra grippy classic style cupsole with devil head traction pattern.

sweater babyblue fabric 85

The Converse Wade 2.0 basketball shoe features an engineered internal bootie construction that provides glove-like comfort and fit. The bootie serves for motion control and stabilization during aggressive play. Internal double-lasted construction allows for low center-of-gravity important for active guard play. External stabilizers add support and motion control to help prevent roll over. Mesh tongue helps with ventilation and moisture management, keeping the foot dry and comfortable. Embossed upper materials give support. Memory collar foams conform to the ankle and deliver support and comfort. Top quality compression molded innersole with Poron inserts for optimum cushion and energy return. High traction/high wear rubber outsole compound. Foot Strike Management technology allows for medial radius and lateral outrigger. Helps with transition and planting during aggressive cuts.

As seen on celebrities! Most coveted shoes of the season- Louboutin's espadrilles.  Brand new in the original box. Sexy heel is approx 4 3/4", but comfortable because of the 1.5" platform front. Yellow ribbon with leather backing cris- cross front. Red soles are unmistakable. Shoes come if full sizes only.

Take your sole down an active path in the Apex Boss Runner athletic shoe. Formerly an Aetrex style, this women's running whoe features a lightweight, breathable mesh and synthetic upper with a mesh lining. A stable heel counter lends balanced comfort, while the Carboplast footbridge provides support to aid in slight over-pronation. Aetrex Orthotic employs multiple cushioning layers for shock reduction so you can enjoy your athletic pace in the Apex Boss Runner shoe.

Unisa shoes are designed and crafted with the idea that beautiful shoes shall always be the standard. Originally founded in 1973 from Spain, Unisa continues to interpret European fashion for a global customer. Take a look and see what sets Unisa apart!

3 1/4 Inch Platform Women's Size Shoe With D-ring Laceup.

Laid back styling and a touch of pampering is what you?ll get with the Fortress Clog from Skechers. This fun slip-on shoe features a soft suede upper with a raised center seam detail, a faux fur collar, and a thick lugged rubber sole.	Warm up your toes and your style in the Shindigs Fortress mule from Skechers. Soft suede is accented with a playful faux fur collar, while the rubber sole brings traction-control to your laidback ventures.

Unlisted updates the traditional lace oxford with a squared toe and bicycle toe stitching, for a look that's sophisticated but never stodgy. Smooth leather uppers are lightly cushioned at the collar for comfort and outfitted on a thumbprint traction outsole with a stacked dress heel. Check out the cool paisley print on the cushioned footbed.	Brand

Fashion forward slip on handcrafted with the highest grade natural leathers and nubuck. Cool-Air comfort insoles. Special shock absorbing heels protect the spine, vertebra and joints from damaging jolts and vibrations.

The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion(TM) outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility. Weight 10.2 oz.

Great footwear design is never superficial; it is a powerful attribute that offers the wearer the advantages of its elements. Michael Toschi Int'l is an exceptional brand developing state-of-the-art products that integrate technical construction with superb styling and peerless quality. All products are made in Italy and crafted by artisans with generations of experience and passion for the products they create. Footwear is the foundation of a wardrobe, and the power of clothing is dependent upon it. Michael Toschi believes that footwear does not just finish the look, it begins it. Toschi footwear performs with a technical advantage by using advanced materials and construction techniques that have been developed by, and are exclusive to, Michael Toschi products, which include CIS, NEST, FIT and Balanced Platform Concept. The product line sets a new standard for footwear and offers men and women the combined power of technical comfort and exquisite style.

Bostonian's Phoenix oxford is a great addition to better office wear. A neatly seamed toe offers classic styling, while the leather-lined insole offers breathable comfort. First-Flex technology eliminates any break-in period and provides a custom-made feel.	Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

Free Shipping Over $75

Waxed Dress Laces Black - 1 Pack

Leather upper with molded sockliner. Die-cut EVA midsole, rubber outsole.

A versatile trainer with dual density medial post and ABZORB, providing a combination of support and cushioning for the mild-to-moderate overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper provides breathable comfort with reflective details for safety. ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption. Stability Web lends superior midfoot support while reducing overall weight. Molded EVA midsole conforms to foot while providing a lightweight, cushioned ride. N-Durance rubber outsole delivers maximum durability in high-wear areas. Medial post offers pronation control. Wt. 10.2 oz.

The Bruce boot from Frye is about as versatile a western boot as you can get. The color is neutral and subdued, but the finely stitched detailing keeps things interesting, and with light padding in the insole, this boot can take you from work to play, no problem.	Leather. Leather sole. Goodyear leather welt construction. Made in MexicoThe Bruce boot from Frye is about as versatile a western boot as you can get. The color is neutral and subdued, but the finely stitched detailing keeps things interesting, and with light padding in the insole, this boot can take you from work to play, no problem.The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey. Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.

The Slogger Garden Clog is a comfortable and sturdy clog. Brightly colored  cute  and comfortable clogs for a multitude of uses. Garden  water the lawn  walk the dog or get the newspaper  whatever you do your feet will be nice and comfy. These clogs are made for maximum comfort and water resistance.  Size  include 6  7  8  9  10  In Blue or Green. Available with or without insole.

Electrify your look in this sexy knee-high boot from Pleaser. Its platform, flared heel, and laced entry present a flirtatious vibe, but its bold hardware takes it into ultra-provocative, tough-girl territory. It also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	Shaft Height

204425WCG10 Features

Leather/mesh upper with leather overlays offers breathability and comfort and enhanced lateral support. Aggressive foutsole delivers traction on multiple surfaces, Hexalite material in heel provides lightweight, durable cushioning.

Step into an instant classic with the Strategy Kiltie loafer from Dockers. Pure vintage tassel style lends that distinguished air while the two-tone leather relaxes the look nicely.	Your next move is sure to be good when you're wearing this slip-onTumbled full grain leather upper with kiltie and tassel detailFull-length cushioned footbed provides a soft underfoot feelGenuine handsewn constructionFlexible manmade sole

Riding high on fashion! Mirror-like Florsheim Chatman Side-zip Boots reflect exceptional quality. SAVE BIG! Uptown class. Downtown style! Make a spectacular impression by walking tall in these Chatman Boots that express exceptional quality. Since 1892, Florsheim has continued to forge breakthrough ideas, along with a spectacular track-record of lasting quality that wearers have come to expect. Just look at the high-shine leather. That's style! Sink your feet inside and the extreme cushioning feels like a million. Miles of wear is in store. Say, my special volume buy was a big step forward to save you welcome cash. Beats paying the usual in-store price! Kicking cobblestones and feeling groovy

Dearfoams is a slipper brand with great awareness. They understand exactly what customers are looking for-- from pampering your feet in cozy softness to keeping you one step ahead of the game.	Soft and silky pile is just the first layer of extreme comfort. From there the multi density cushioning will form to your foot for long lasting support. The indoor/outdoor soles are flexible enough to not be noticeable, but tough enough to protect your foot. Dual colors add fun style to your at home wear. Whether you are climbing out of bed, or getting home after a long day step into comfort.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Women's Minnetonka Pile Lined Mules

Chippewa Boot Company has been an American tradition in outdoor lifestyle footwear since 1901. Chippewa boots are the highest quality choice for the person who wants only the best in rugged outdoor footwear. Superior components and craftsmanship go into the construction of every pair. So whether you wear Chippewa for function or fashion, Chippewa boots are built to stand the test of time and, with classic styling, they'll satisfy the most demanding and discriminating shopper.	Chippewa Vibram 12" Rally Motorcycle Boots have the look, AND the performance! These are the classic hot style racers wear... and they're not just in-style, but they're ready to do a 500-mile enduro! They're made right, down to the leather reinforcing shifter pad that adds durability just where you need it. Call 'em the Daytona to Baja special

ANIMAL SLIPPERS * 100% COTTON * MEDIUM IS 11"L X 5.5"W * MACHINE WASH COLD * IMPORT **MOUSE NOT AVAILABLE IN MEDIUM SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $16.00NOW -

Men's Converse Steel Toe Classic Athletic Shoes. You'll never believe what's behind this classic style! These Converse Athletic Shoes have a steel toe and are slip, oil, metal chips, heat, abrasion, electrical hazard and chemical resistant. Get this classic look and feel with jobsite-ready protection built-in

This is the MUST HAVE pump of the year!  Round close toe design on a beautiful slender imitation stacked heel platform.  The perfect pump for casual or dressy wear, be the first to have this hot shoe!

Mikala is an American based company that sources footwear and handbags from both Brazil and Spain. They search for luxurious woven uppers and soft comfortable constructions on which to work their magic. Mikala styles are sophisticated and unique, fashionable and wearable. Think Mikala when you want something special.

205060BLK15 Features

Technical running shoes from 1981 with a focus on heel stability and light weight. Men's Sizing.

The Double-H 3282 Western 12 Inch Pull-On Cowboy Boot is made of Sahara Rangedocker full grain leather with a leather lining, a 1 5/8th inches heel height and a removable dryz insole to keep that moisture locked away from your foot. This boot features the AG7 Airthrust heel which means it has superior resistance to oil, excellent slip resistance and is long wearing.Made in a wide range of sizes you are sure to find a size that will fit almost any foot whether it be narrow or all the way out to a triple E.Best of all the Double-H 3282 Western 12 Inch Pull-On Cowboy Boot is American made. This boot is the ultimate proof that America still knows how to get it done, it is definitely time that you did the patriotic thing and bought yourself a pair today.Sizes Manufactured

Full-Grain Leather and durable nylon, Durably waterproof and breathable Gore-Tex Fabric, 1400g Thinsulate(r) Ultra insulation, Cushioned Air-Port footbed is perforated allowing for maximum air circulation and comfort, BearClaw(r) 3D outsole

Let your feet go and your mind will follow. That's the philosophy behind the lightness and freedom of this lace-up. Soft, smooth neoprene stretch fabric in the heel for comfort. Perforated scaling details add a unique texture and lets air circulate to keep your feet cool.                                       Product Features                                  Kalso Negative Heel Technology                                              The most defining feature of Earth footwear is Kalso Negative Heel Technology a unique inclined sole that positions the toes 3.7 higher than the heels. The slight angle shifts weight subtly back over the heels, and can help strengthen and tone the body while also burning calories.                                                         Anatomic Arch Support                                To complement Kalso Negative Heel Technology, all Earth footwear features reinforced support through the arch. The arch support maximizes the effectiveness of the heel design in promoting a natural walking motion.                                             BioFoam Cushioning                                Inside all Earth footwear, a form-fitting footbed provides exceptional comfort with Biofoam cushioning. The proprietary material molds to the shape of the foot, displacing and absorbing shock with each step, and is environmentally-considerate, using 70% recycled content.                                             Burn more calories with every step                                              The more lean body mass you build, the more calories you burn. With Earth footwear, the slight incline of our Kalso Negative Heel Technology lets you feel as if you're walking on an inclined treadmill, and can contribute to fat-burning effects at a rate of up to 4x that of conventional footwear.

liner fuschia leather 95

Ah the 70s, when hair was long and the shorts were short. Originally released in 1972, the Fente transcends all fashion trends. Adidas has updated this classic French shoe. This lace-up now features a full leather upper with suede overlays, the supportive cushioning of an EVA midsole, and a shock-absorbing gum rubber outsole that protects the high impact toe and heel areas.	adidas is a name that stands for excellence in all sectors of sport around the globe. The vision of company founder Adolf Dassler has become a reality, and his corporate philosophy has been the guiding principle for successor generations. The idea was as simple as it was brilliant

4 Inch Open Toe Ankle Straps Sandal

The Buchanan from French Shriner is a classic tasseled loafer that features a leather upper, soft flexible leather lining, easy flex construction, and a flexible rubber outsole for added comfort.

Designed by a team of podiatrists and pedorthists to provide superior comfort and protection for diabetic, arthritic or injured feet. This Oxford Stretcher features 2 removable layers. - Two removable layers for 1/2 inch total removable depth - Ultra lightweight - Machine washable

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 15 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, lightly tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The thick, Velcro-close tab provides adjustable fit and an easy on/off.	The Propet Pedwalker 15 men's slip-on shoe has a good look and great performance. This men's casual shoe is crafted with a full-grain leather and neoprene upper with mesh lining for durable wearing. A padded collar and tongue with hook and loop closure system offer extra coziness. A rigid heel counter and double removable footbed offer cushion to the foot with each step. A lightweight and supportive shank-reinforced EVA unitsole adds more comfort. Pamper your foot with a comfy feel in the Propet Pedwalker 15.

Animal friendly Synthetic Leather is a strong and versatile alternative to leather. It is more resistant to stretching and lighter in weight than cowhide.    Polyurethane (PU) MidSoles are molded of responsive lightweight foam. PU's long lasting cushion and support will not compress over time and is a standard feature on most Adio Shoes.   Breathable Mesh Fabrics are essential to a cool and comfortable shoe. In addition they allow the upper portion of the shoe maximum flexibility and response.    Slip Lasting is key to a flexible more responsive and comfortable shoe. Unlike board lasted shoes there is no thick and stiff cardboard layer between your foot and the sole.   Reflective Trim and Accents refract light providing style and safety.

Fishing for a bargain? Irish Setter Slip - on Mocs, SAVE BIG! Deluxe Slip-ons perfect for fishing wear and general warm weather comfort and style. With high-end Irish Setter crafting... but not the high-end price because they're a Close-Out style. Here's what's onboard

205100SLG05 Features

The 1460 boot is Dr. Martens at its best. It's tough enough to take a beating, yet stylish enough to be versatile. This durable boot has a unique air-cushioning system that aims to please, while the thick outsole ensures a strong step. And of course, that iconic welt stitching and pull tab is always a bonus.	It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.

With it's surprising supportive and responsive ride, the ASICS GEL-DS Trainer XI delivers on the key features that runners have come to expect from this leader in the lightweight training category. Biomorphic Fit upper provides enhanced upper fit and comfort while helping to decrease the potential for irritation. Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait allowing for natural foot movement from heel strike to toe off. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. GEL Cushioning System adds maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. Full-Length SpEVA midsole offers superior shock attenuation along with a cushioned ride and enhanced durability. Wt. 10.1 oz.

Classic and stylish, the Colton penny loafer from Sperry Kids goes with all kinds of casual and dressy styles. Great for schooldays year round, this loafer features brush-off leather uppers that are shiny, easy to maintain, and durable. The convenient slip-on design allows feet to slide easily into comfort and style, while the age-appropriate low heel is comfortable for kids to wear all day.	Add a classic touch to his look with the Sperry Top-Sider Coltonkid's. This stylish kid's slip-on has a soft leather upperand authentic detailed stitching. A polyurethane midsole adds cushionedcomfort, while the non-marking rubber sole is lightweight and flexible. The traditional silhouette of this Sperry Top-Sider loafer boasts a grown-up look. Your little one will love sporting the Sperry Top-Sider Colton!

"ONGUARD" MENS VINYL BUFFALO BOOT 		16" High 		Flexible PVC 		Plain toe 		V-bar molded shank 		Pair		Net lined for easy on and off 		Safety-grip cleated outsole 		Highly resistant to animal wastes, acids, chemicals, industrial oils and greases 		Black 		Size 5

The adidas Superstar IIG TRX men's football shoes are designed with the speed player in mind. If you are the player that your piers refer to as "turbo,""flash" or "man, that dude is quick," then the adidas Superstar IIG TRX men's football shoes are the tools of your trade. Not only are they built for speed and traction, but they just look fast, with the slick synthetic leather upper and classic adidas styling.If Wile E. Coyote could've gotten his feet into the adidas Superstar IIG TRX instead of those raggedy ACME blunder shoes he was stuck with, the world of cartoons would be a very different place. Recently, we did receive an order for a pair to be shipped to Death Valley, so we're a bit concerned for the Road Runner. If you are in touch with this character, tell him about the adidas Superstar IIG TRX shoes so he is on top of his game.Competition can be fierce, and if you want to have that edge, then the adidas Superstar IIG TRX men's football shoes will help you stay out in front of the pack. They are loaded with superior sports technology, so you won't just look good, but you will feel comfortable and steady as you juke past that defender for the breakaway run. Don't trust your game to cartoon-level shoes, pick up the adidas Superstar IIG TRX men's football shoes today!

Founded over 100 years ago, Woolrich is the Original Outdoor Company. Woolrich is committed to being solely customer focused, and not selling out to the "disposable" trends of today.	Woolrich Cheyenne Lambswool Slipper / Socks... Well made

The New Balance 767 is an all weather supportive trainer. It features the combination of our TS2 transitional support system and ABZORB cushioning technology in the heel and forefoot which offers a stable cushioned ride. Colors

ALL BLACK is an emerging indie brand that offers elegant and edgy styles for a discriminating customer. With clever design, thoughtful construction, and beautiful and unique materials, ALL BLACK is a rising star on the footwear scene.

iglou pink suede 60

The Chelsea sneaker from DC is a skate shoe made especially for her. It has all the durability and impact-resistance of his version, with its lightweight, breathable textile upper, ultra-grippy rubber outsole for premium traction and support, and a cushioned insole for all day, hard-playing comfort. But you'll adore the look, too--it's fresh, flirty, and feminine.	The DC Women's Chelsea Skate Shoes are for girls who don't go with the flow. These kicks' intriguing patterns keep your feet on the fringe. Whether you wear the Chelsea Shoes to jump gaps in the skate park or just to walk to the beat of your own drum, the lightweight uppers and soft fabric linings keep you spry and comfy. The foam-padded mesh tongue lets your feet breathe, and the padded collar provides support while you perfect your kickflips. A durable leather toe cap handles roughhousing. DC Shoes' trademarked pill pattern sole lends these women's skate shoes tons of traction and flex.Product FeaturesUpper Material

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	A run in the Brooks Cascadia 2 running shoe is a freeing experience. Water-resistant microfiber suede comfortably wraps the foot, adding midfoot support for a glove-like fit. Highly breathable Element Air Mesh upper provides excellent ventilation and moisture management. Full-length S-257 midsole offers unsurpassed cushioning and durability. Heel and forefoot HydroFlow units absorb shock, stabilize the foot and return energy to the foot stride after stride. Independent Pivot Posts, positioned medially and laterally, minimize ground surface area for better adaptation to destabilizing trail irregularities. Crumple Zone configuration allows for compression upon impact, smoothing out the heel strike and promoting a more natural and efficient gait. Highly durable HPR Green outsole enhances traction, offers a softer, smoother ride and is more environmentally friendly. Ballistic Rock Shield, positioned between the outsole and midsole, disperses point-load pressure from rocks and keeps a flexible forefoot for a terrain-compliant ride. Wt. 12.7 oz.

The New Balance 2001 was the top of the line Heritage style trainer for the mild to moderate overpronator. Made in USA. Colors

PUMA SPORT SLIDE THESE COMFY SLIDES ARE MADE WITH A VELVET BACKED SUEDE--GREAT FOR THE BEACH OR WALKING AROUND TOWN * RED AVAILABLE IN 6 ONLY * UPPER--SUEDE * MIDSOLE--CM-EVA*SOLE--RUBBER

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	Define your tailored style with the classic Stacy Adams Regency oxfords.  Polished leather upper in a dress oxford style with a stitched and turned seam apron style square toe, decorative turned-seam side overlays and four eyelet lace up front.  Lightly padded tongue, smooth faux leather lining and cushioned insole.  Textured, decorative topsole and dress midsole.  Traction patterned rubber outsole with a one-piece 1 inch dress heel.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive hippo design is embroidered onto soft and durable chocolate brown canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet. The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside. Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% polyester canvas upper. 100% polyester terry cloth interior. Apple green design on chocolate brown canvas. Machine wash/dry. Gift packaging included. Imported. Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

Synthetic/leather upper, molded quarters add reinforcement and provide stability and ankle support. CMEVA midsole, molded sockliner adds cushioning and support to the arch. Outsole is designed to be lightweight, flexible and absorb shock. Internal shank in arch area offers responsive support.

The New Balance 742 is a cardio walking shoe featuring ABZORB and Stability Web technology. Synthetic/Mesh upper, Walking Strike Path outsole. Wt. 9.2 oz.

The Samsonite double-pocket money belt is for safety and peace of mind. Sleek, lightweight rip-stop nylon pouch, with soft, padded back, has 2 roomy, zippered pockets to store your cash, passport and checks. While worn comfortably under clothing, it helps keep valuables secure and out of sight. Adjustable elastic waistband fits up to a 45-inch waist and the sure-close buckle keeps it in place. Hand wash with mild soap.

Order up some adventure with a side of water in the Newport H2 from KEEN. Ready for adverse conditions, the razor sipped outsole and 3mm lugs provide excellent traction. The washable polyester webbing upper features the odor-reducing Aegis Microbe Shield. KEEN patented toe protection lets you follow any path, whether to rivers or trails.	Get ready for sunshine and warm days with the Keen Newport H2 Sandals for women. These Keen sandals are perfect for watery adventures from skipping rocks to stand-up paddle boarding. They feature a durable polyester webbing upper, with a cool mesh lining that's been treated with Aegis microbe shield to resist odor-causing bacteria and fungi. A metatomical EVA footbed feels comfortable and supportive underfoot, whether you're hiking or canoeing, while the secure fit lace capture system with a bungee cord ensures a precise, custom fit. A rubber outsole with multi-directional lug patterning and razor siping gives you grip, traction and stability over slick or uneven surfaces, and Keen's famous patented toe protection keeps your toes face from sharp rocks, sticks and underwater hazards.

Stylish Reebok Ruffit Athletics, SAVE BIG! Footloose! Finally, top-notch footwear that defines your in-step passion for the Great Outdoors. Movin' out in comfort for big bucks less, due to a style change! Synthetic leather and breathable mesh uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Cushioning DMX foam midsole; Permanent, padded and fabric-lined insole for cushioning; Moisture-wicking fabric lining; Padded tongue and collar; Each weighs approx. 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Treat your feet by ordering today! Men's Reebok Ruffit Athletics, Tan / Red

hether black leather 80

Teva brings its innovative and rugged construction to this sporty Dozer sandal. Your little one will love the breathable upper, which has cutouts, cording, mesh inserts, and a hook-and-loop strap for a secure, comfortable fit. The rubber sole has loads of tread, so your little one will never have to worry about losing any ground.	Casual, colorful and full of comfort, the kids Downtown Ola sandal is perfect for those lazy summer days relaxing on the beach, around town or propped up out back with your favorite canine pal.

LaCrosse Wool Felt insole 9mm. Keeps feet dry and warm. Sizes 6-14.

Take to the field in rugged, WATERPROOF Browning Kangaroo Boots with GORE-TEX. Serious Boots for serious hunters. There isn't a better pair of boots out there. Tough as nails, totally waterproof with GORE-TEX bootie, superior comfort... they have it all. Made with kangaroo leather uppers for the ultimate in rugged durability. They're the choice of serious hunters, and for good reason. More

Minnetonka Moccasins Slippers, SAVE BIG! My friends over at Minnetonka Moccasins made these up specially for The Sportsman's Guide, at a big discount price. Made with soft, flexible but rugged premium full-grain leather. Non-slip rubber outsole lets you wear 'em outside, too. Acrylic lining is warm and breathable. Bare feet love it. Approx. 3 1/2"h., 11 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Act ONLINE Now! AVAILABLE SEPERATELY

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.	Casual footwear for use in extreme cold, the Sorel Women's Crestwynd Snow Boot goes great with a wide selection of outfits while protecting your feet from the cold bite of winter. A water resistant suede upper acts as a fist line of defense against loose snow and chilling slush, much like the gusseted front closure with locking zipper. Inside, 200 grams of Thinsulate insulation efficiently traps heat for cozy comfort as you make your way through the winter wonderland. A cute Sherpa Pile fleece snow cuff adds character to the Sorel Crestwynd Snow Boot for women, while also doing its share to make sure that snow and slush have a hard time getting in through the top of the boot. To aid traction on frozen surfaces, the lugged sole remains malleable when most everything else is frozen stiff. Similarly, the waterproof rand and forefoot cap remain flexible even when the mercury dips below zero. The Sorel Crestwynd women's snow boot includes a removable EVA footbed that provides cushioning, support, and insulation. This boot is rated to -25 F (-32 C) during active use.

For comfort and protection, the Trophy boot from Danner is a real winner. Its full-grain leather upper features stitch-down construction for durability, while its Thinsulate lining will allow you to stay comfortable and focused on your target, even as the temperature drops.	The name says it all... Danner Elite Series Trophy Boots. Backcountry hunters admire 'em. Scruffy guides require 'em. Because there isn't a more serious hunting Boot around. With extra thick (2.9 to 3.0 mm) full-grain waterproof leather, and 600-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. Danner up, big man. Let's go huntin'. Wall hangin' features

clint sand suede 105

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.	Knock one out of the park with these supremely stylin' casuals from Unlisted by Kenneth Cole. Smooth leather upper in a sporty casual sneaker, with stitching accents, camouflage side stripe panels, and oversized perforation detail with metallic mesh underlay. Full lace up front, padded collar and tongue, soft fabric lining, cushioned insole. Sporty cushioned midsole, matching color camo patterned traction outsole.

Stimulate your fashion taste buds with this scrumptious little slingback. Fashioned in   a soft suede, the Portia also features an elasticized slingback strap for a secure fit, a   figure-enhancing ribbed wedge heel, and a sure step rubber outsole.	For stylish casual footwear that just screams style, Two Lips is the brand. Boasting a variety of playful styles from sandals to mary janes, Two Lips shoes help you get into the spirit of the season. With Two Lips footwear, stylish comfort is just a step away.

Soft Nature's Hide with Nubuck Leather Upper Blucher Upper Pattern Soft, durable microfiber suede lining Removable supportive contoured EVA footbed EVA midsole for stability and cushioned support Goodyear Power Pivot Push-Off Sole Ali Last.Fixed S8 slide sole and H5 heel.

Boasting waterproof, seam-sealed construction for unparalleled durability, the Altitude from Hi-Tec really goes the distance. This rugged and stylish hiking boot has a softly padded leather collar, fully gusseted leather tongue, and rustproof brass hardware. It also has a board last with a steel shank for added rigidity, a lightweight compression-molded EVA midsole for superior comfort, and a carbon rubber hiking outsole for traction. There's even a Comfort-Tec contoured sockliner to help support feet mile after mile.	These mens dark chocolate hi-tec 41100 altitude iv boots have many unique features such as waterproof nubuck upper, rustproof brass hardware, removable, contoured cmeva footbed, board lasted with steel shank, mdt carbon rubber outsole, durable mdt carbon rubber outsoleboard lasted with steel shank, mdt carbon rubber outsole, cmeva midsole.

Travel Shoe Tree in length and guarantees for just the right amount of tension needed to keep your shoes in

S-s-s-s-s-s!!! ... As deadly as this serpent may seem, we promise it's not venomous! Were you born in the Year of the Snake? 1917, 1929, 1941, 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001 - If so, you're probably a deep-thinker with great wisdom to be shared with others! Each leather key chain is hand-crafted in Italy using Tuscan leather and innovative applications of ancient stitching techniques.	*About Gianni's Animal Shaped Leather Accessories*Each leather accessory is hand-crafted in Italy using vegetable-tanned Vacchetta leather and innovative applications of ancient stitching techniques. Gianni is the "master of miniatures" and each animal design is a product of careful research and innovation. The leather says "Eternally Classy", the inventive designs say "Unique", and the Italian origin says "Only the Best"! As with many leather accessories, these leather items look great worn-in ... they will grow even more beautiful with age and use!

Skechers Sport will make your adventures even more interesting with the stylish Journeyman-Safaris sandal. This handsome sandal has a nubuck, canvas, and mesh upper with contrast stitching, bungee ghillie style lace up closure, and a round rubber capped toe. It also features a breathable fabric lining, a faux suede-lined cushioned footbed, and a multi-directional rubber tread on the outsole for premium footing on multiple surfaces.	Bring your style outdoors with this sport trail sandal  Trubuck/mesh upper  Cushioned insole  Rubber sole  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

Vans Classic B/W Checkered SlipOns .Recognized around the world, a SoCal icon! Every closet needs a pair of checkerboards! Canvas, slipon deck shoe with VansandNumber39;andNumber39; classic Off the Wall outsole.

Frye is known for quality craftsmanship and long-lasting wear and the Emmett is certainly no exception. This ruggedly handsome boot has a fine,   oiled leather upper, stylish welt stitching, and dual, wide gored panels for a perfect fit and flexibility. Nothing will treat your style better than the   Emmett.	The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey.  Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.

Recycled Sari Silk and Hemp bag with lining. 12"x13". Fair Trade Nepal.

This shoe was originally designed for a cross country running with a unique toe and heel wrap for extra traction. In the early '90s the distinctive ripple outsole was added and became its signature feature. Leather upper, EVA midsole, rubber outsole.

At the peak of its popularity in the mid '80s, the Forum featured a criss-cross ankle lacing system with hook-and-loop ankle strap for optimal support. Updated with full leather upper, molded side panel logo and Dillinger web on midsole. Weight 21.04 oz.

Introduced as early as 1969, the Simba was recognized for its superior comfort and durability as well as its go-anywhere classic look. Leather upper, rubber outsole and colored toe-cap with Tiger Stripe accent.

fiestey black leather 80

Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Lifestyle Shoes

fiestey black leather 85

The adidas ClimaCool Rotterdam IV perfect fast tempo running shoe for most runners. ClimaCool upper adds moisture transport and ventilation. adiPRENE provides protection from harmful impact forces. adiPRENE+ insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Pro-Moderator medial support device helps prevent overpronation. Torsion System offers midfoot integrity. adiWEAR outsole gives best durability in high wear areas. Decoupled heel to deflect impact shock. QuickStrike delivers best lightweight durability and flexibility. Ventilation zone in the shank area. Wt. 7.6 oz.

Donald J. Pliner's glossy flats gleam with their patent leather uppers. Its classic penny loafer-style front overlaid with pinked tongue edges, this slip-on also features decorative seams and stitching details. The epitome of the casual shoe for decades, this is the perfect footwear for your leisure hours. Start and end your weekend in these comfortable slip-ons that treat your feet to a smooth leather lining, cushioned leather-topped insole, flexible midsole, flat heel, and traction-patterned rubber outsole.	When the feet are uncomfortable, so is the mind and body. With these words, Donald J Pliner has committed his life to the quality and perfection of an innovative line of shoes. A life-long and family tradition is continued with his luxuriously comfortable footwear that never compromises creativity or fashion. Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury footwear and accessories in 1989, and immediately established a reputation for innovative design and high style for both men and women. Pioneering new materials, such as stretchable micro-fibers, he also brought unprecedented comfort, flexibility, and lightness to footwear. Born into a Chicago-based family shoe business, life at DJP is also a family affair. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife and frequent model for the innovative ad campaigns, works side-by-side with him to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. And the Pliner's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll, is ever present, inspiring her own clothing line for the past three years. Today this global brand, manufactured in both Italy and Spain, has established an almost cult following among people who were originally attracted by the fashion-forward style, but return again and again for the comfort and craftsmanship.

Inspired by Porsche race cars of the past, the adidas Porsche Sports Mesh features a mesh upper mixed with stabilizing leather pieces and welded 3-Stripes. It provides a fresh, athletic look that goes well with the low-profile tooling. Cool, unusual material executions plus the contemporary tooling make this style a perfect addition to the Porsche Design range. Rubber outsole is strong and durable.

Professional ultra soft suede outer sole. Ultra light and more flexibility. Softer inner sole and deluxe cushioning for more comfort. 2.75" heel height is now standardized as other England dance shoes. Comes with a FREE carry bag.Please order your regular USA street shoe size or 1/2 size smaller for a snug dancer fit.

Developed by dancers, this non-aerosol, deodorizing foot spray is all-natural and will leave your feet conditioned and smelling fresh. Great to use before and after class.Size

Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Maximum flexibility built in! You've never worn a clog with this much comfort - or western attitude... SAVE BIG! Flexibility is one of the biggest keys to shoe comfort. These Exotic Clog Chukkas feature Opanka construction, a durable, hand created construction method where the upper is attached to the outsole and sock lining with a heavy, durable wax thread. This construction makes for extremely flexible footwear that keeps your feet going strong all day. Plus all the other quality details that have made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Check them out

SHOE STRETCH SPRAY penetrates shoe leather quickly and relaxes the leather fibers for easy stretching. The leather is softened to facilitate the best stretching results when using the FootFitter Shoe Stretcher. Spray the area of your shoe to be stretched, insert the FootFitter Shoe Stretcher, bring your shoe in the new shape and let it dry.

Pazzo has been manufacturing women's fashion footwear since 1898. Pazzo incorporates designs to match the changing lifestyles of today's woman.

If going fast on trails is second nature, the easy-fitting Chameleon II Stretch is second skin. Built with more reinforcement material along the upper than most trail running shoes, Merrell's easy-access trail shoe features extra comfort and fit features like an elastic cord lacing system and convenient friction cordlock. Above the impact-absorbing Air Cushion midsole is a contoured 4.5-mm. anatomical footbed backed by a supportive nylon 6.6 injection molded arch shank. The Vibram Chameleon Sport sole looks narrower than some bulky hiking shoes, but Merrell divided the high traction sole between long-lasting Dura rubber lugs and grippy Versa rubber lugs for reliable hold on a range of surfaces. If you're looking for some extra weather protection, consider checking out the waterproof and breathable Merrell Chameleon II GORE-TEX XCR shoe.

Irish Setter SoftPaws Chukkas, with looks and comfort performance to spare! Ruggedly durable, but sweetly comfortable SoftPaws! Irish Setter is one of the world's premier lines of sporting and outdoor boots. It's descended from Red Wing Shoes' 1920 line of "outing boots" that are considered to be literally the first boots built specifically for outdoor recreation. Their venerable tradition of all-day comfort and unequaled fit continues through today and beyond. High points

Get the job done and look the part in the W03719 boot from Wolverine. The waterproof leather upper provides excellent protection against the elements and works as hard as you do. An oil-resistant sole keeps your feel firmly planted in this ruggedly handsome work boot.	Comfortable boots that can be worn on a variety of terrain, the Men's Wolverine Durashocks Soft-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boots (6 in.) keep your feet warm and dry whether you're working in the yard or running errands around town. The tough Cambrelle lining absorbs moisture to keep feet dry and comfortable, and the 200-gram Thinsulate Insulation provides ample warmth. Nothing compares to the quality of Wolverine boots, get the Wolverine Men's Durashocks Soft-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boots (6 in.) and go without boundaries.

You'll be as comfy as can be in Reef's Sandy flip flop. Its thick fabric bands stay put on your foot, while its EVA sole offers arch support and superior cushioning. The durable construction also features a textured outsole for traction during any outdoor activity.	Command the sun and sand with the fresh beachside style of the Reef Sandy. This women's flip flop features a mid-width woven polyester tubular strap for comfort. There is sanded texture on the footbed for traction. Reef-flex triple density EVA construction features anatomically correct arch support. This Reef sandal also has a durable, high density EVA outsole. The Reef Sandy holds up through a summer of fun!

iglou black suede 110

New Balance 607 Athletics, lots of sizes, lots of quality! SAVE BIG! All-terrain 607s, just begging for you to take 'em out for a spin... on or off the beaten path. Get yours now with huge Close-Out savings. Breathable mesh and synthetic leather uppers, light and supportive; N-Durance high-wear rubber outsole, with AT Tread, a running and trail hiking lug pattern for sure footing; Abzorb in the heel for cushioning; Shock-absorbing EVA midsole; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole provides comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Reflective safety accents; Padded tongue and collar; Each approx. 14 ozs. State Width and Size. Order right now! Men's New Balance 607 Athletics, Navy

Whether you're headed for the pool, getting out of your cleats, or simply having a laid-back day, this sandal from PUMA will serve you well. The textile straps are easy to wear, while the EVA footbed feels great.	The Basic Flip Sandal from Puma is a comfortable flip flop sandal and is great for casual wear off court. Features include comfortable upper straps with Puma Cat logo, Super soft EVA footbed with screen print Puma logo on footbed.Color

Clava Three Section Leather Tote Bag. The Clava Three Section Leather Tote, roomy main compartment features abundant storage space. Interior is fully lined and has zipper pocket with a main zipper that zips shut for secure carry. Features two full-length exterior front and back pockets for organization. Double shoulder straps for easy carry. Clava has been designing leather goods for over two decades. Delivering affordable luxury, Clava's selection of leather totes, laptop bags, leather briefcases, women's handbags, wallets and more, are created by combining the natural beauty of leather with the freshest styles. Clava leather bags are destined to become your daytime essential, and while they're stealing glances everywhere they go, they'll also be developing character with each use. Dimensions

Designed in California by Jeremy Bassan, Big Buddha style reflects the slouchy-cool attitude of the West Coast without breaking the bank.

Let relaxation set in as you slip your feet into these cozy flip-flops. Perfect for the beach or casual wear, this Puma sandal features a super-soft EVA footbed and a sleek nylon thong strap. CMEVA outsole provides dependable traction.

Ladies' Minnetonka Mocassins 3-in-1 Boots... three ways to wear 'em! Choices are good. So the folks at Minnetonka Moccasins let you customize the look of these Calf-high Boots with a snap-off beaded tassel or feathers. Or you can wear them plain. No matter how you wear 'em they're sure to look great! Details

ROCKETDOG CANVAS STREETLIFE * TRIPLE VELCRO CLOSURE * UPPER--CANVAS* SOLE--RUBBER COMPOSITION * MEDIUM WIDTH* CLEAN WITH DAMP BRUSH* IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $48.00NOW -

These low-cut sheepskin slippers are comfortable, warm, and easy to wear. Their natural fleece lining is left intact during tanning and sewing to provide unsurpassed insulation and durability. The non-slip, cow-split leather sole is made to last. Naturally, you'll want to take advantage of this low price!		The most luxurious slippers are made from double faced sheepskin. Double faced means a single layer of sheepskin with the outer face being tanned hide and the inner being a thick fleece. Double faced sheepskin slippers breath well and the thick fleecy fibers on the inner part of the slipper allows air to circulate during summer so that feet do not become excessively warm. In winter the sheepskin slippers prevent heat loss and are highly prized for their effectiveness. The slippers are designed to be worn without socks in order to maximize the benefits of sheepskin. Double faced sheepskin wool does not shed, because it's attached to the skin.		Imported

101440GRY47 Features

Online Exclusive!Soft, leather straps with Rainbow logo loop. 2,000 lbs. test nylon webbing for durability. Leather insoles with embossed logo. Sponge rubber to create memory mold. Ionized balanced glue that wont delaminate. Man made rubber textured outsole. Size 10 shown. Imported.

In the wrong hands, mixing really vivid colors could be a dangerous thing, but with the Converse Premiere One Star, you can't go wrong. Revel in the provocative palette of bold colors. Push your fashion boundaries with ultra-thick laces. Enjoy the feel of soft suede and padded collar and tongue against your feet. And as always, depend on the durability of a sturdy rubber outsole.

The Gazelle from adidas was first introduced in 1968 as an all-around training shoe, and now it's back. Updated with new technology and exciting new color combinations, this old favorite is sure to become a new favorite for the athlete or aspiring athlete who requires both style and function from his footwear.	#561090  Originally released in 1968, the Gazelle continues to look fresh today!

Get a grip. Hi-Tec Multi Terra Mid Hikers are PRICED LOW! Great for light hiking or mountain biking, with a carbon rubber outsole for traction on a variety of terrains. A slight change in style means you save BIG BUCKS! Terrific multi-use Shoe

In 1804, T. & A. Evans (Thomas and Amos) were running a small shoe business connected with a general store in the town of South Reading. There was no shoe factory as we know it today, just a small shop where Thomas and Amos cut the leather for their shoes. The actual shoe making was farmed out among the people of the town, while Thomas and Amos supplied them with uppers, soles, counters and heels to be assembled into shoes. All shoes were sewed by hand whenever the shoemaker-farmers could spare the time. Today L.B. Evans is owned and operated as a division of Daniel Green Enterprises. Many of the traditional gentleman's slipper styles are still part of the line, but the business has grown to include new updated classics, premium products including elk and deer, and an array or rugged, warm outdoor styles. Daniel Green Enterprises remains committed to the quality and comfort guarantee that the Evans brothers established over 200 years ago.	Men's L.B. Evans Andrew Slippers are the perfect remedy for a long day on your feet! We know how you feel after a full day's work... very ready to shed your shoes or boots, and get your feet into a real soft, comfortable pair of Slippers! These Slippers look mighty good too with their classic style and we always say, if you can feel good and look good at the same time, it's all good. And ordering these babies won't flatten your budget either because you can buy L.B. Evans quality Slippers priced at a budget-pleasing level when you shop right here at Bargain Outfitters! Look here

NOVICA, in association with National Geographic, offers thousands of limited edition and one-of-a-kind gifts, jewelry, and home decor treasures handmade by master artists and artisans throughout the world. Embroidered in precise patterns, hill tribe motifs form colorful stars. Anchalika Chamnan works with locally grown or prepared materials to craft this chic shoulder bag. The cotton motifs are applied to hemp, while longan wood hoops attach the straps.  Artisan Info

VOGUE-02R, 5" Spike Heel with 3/4" Platform Sandal

Synthetic/mesh upper with uni-directional mesh in collar added for secure fit, HRC(TM) sockliner for plush feel. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with medial post and midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid(TM) system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC adds responsive forefoot cushioning. E.A.S. System to help properly guide and support the foot through the gait cycle, Stability Guide external thermoplastic wrap stabilizes the heel. XT-900(TM) carbon rubber outsole, deeper flex grooves and impact notches to reduce rate of pronation at heel strike, Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Weight 11.5 oz.

Easy Spirit is all about the luxury of being comfortable. This brand works with a "live to the fullest" mantra and delivers footwear with advanced technology, updated classic styling and beautiful materials that are perfect for work, weekend or work-out.	The Eash Spirit Oldmaster shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes ar	Featuring a handsome, two-tone leather upper and a durable rubber sole for traction, the Nashua hand-sewn loafer effortlessly combines quality and style. A fringed shawl and tassels adds a touch of understated flair to this Allen Edmonds creation.

Sink your hooves in these Tony Lama Western Pull-ons for sharp style and comfort. PRICED RIGHT! Looky! That's Marshal Matt Dillon and Deputy Festus over there at the livery station. Seems they're wearing brand new Western Pull-ons, just like these. Of course, these Tony Lama Boots are no illusion. They're real and really comfortable. When a volume buy bargain came along, I roped 'em to save you big! Lasso the features

Capezio's Tapster is a great beginner's shoe. The lace-up design offers a custom fit and has a foam footbed for keeping you light on your feet. A rubber patch on the sole offers a non-slip grip.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

Molded EVA footbed, synthetic band with applied team logo.

Great value in a children's youth-size boot. Corona leather foot & top with a hand-corded medallion and stitched top. Durable neolite sole. Available in youth sizes 3 1/2 thru 7, D width only. Imported.

Brand new from HUE, Flips are a fun, fashionable twist on the classic flip flop.  Jazzing up the world's #1 footwear, HUE Flips feature everything from glittery embellishments to photo real floral designs to faux flower adornments.  With HUE's bold designs and playful spirit, Flips are sure to take women from the beach to the office in serious style.

The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility. Wt. 10.8 oz.

12 oz. natural canvas Shopping Tote w/ Front Pocket, Matching Strap & Gusset. Size

The Zephz men's Wide Traxx soccer cleat is designed for athletes with a wider foot. It showcases a new rubber sole design the combines blade cleats with a smaller turf cleat for traction on all field surfaces. The synthetic upper provides durability and Pick-A-Color inserts allow you to customize your cleat.

Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium Women's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes are carefully crafted by hand in a process that includes 212 separate production steps. No detail is too small, because supreme quality is the cornerstone of the Allen-Edmonds name.

This electric device eliminates the embarrassment of stepping  out from home or office with unpolished shoes. It polishes and buffs  men's and women's shoes in just seconds--and it doesn't require bending  over. Because the push-button on/off control is on top of a chrome post  32-1/2 inches high, the polisher can be operated while standing. Two  polishing muffs--black for black shoes, red for other colors--slip onto  large cones that ensure quick work when powered by the high-torque,  60-watt motor. Either after applying polish to shoes or just for  buffing, the muffs provide a high, professional-quality shine. The  muffs can be replaced when they wear out. The polisher is heavy and  stable. It assembles quickly with just two Phillips head screws, which  are included, and carries a one-year warranty against defects.  --Fred Brack	This electric shoe polisher has a high torque motor with large polishing buffers that will shine shoes in a jiffy. The one touch motor only operates as long as you hold the button and turns off when released.

Time saver, A must for combat boots. The Zipper fits most combat style boots. Made of leather.

A time will come when you are faced with a challenge. You could spend your energy finding a way to quietly walk away from it, or face it head on, give it every inch of your being, succeed and walk away proud.  Dominate your ground.	18" Forest Green 100% Waterproof Rubber-Clad Neoprene 800 Gram Thinsulate  Insulation Naturally Insulating 3.5mm Neoprene 100% Ozone-Resistant and Scent-Free Rubber Fleece Lined EVA Midsole and Footbed Fiberglass Shank Back Gusset with Cam-Loc Buck

Synthetic upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, lateral Torsion support, non-marking herringbone traction rubber outsole.

In 1921, Converse hired an American basketball player, Charles (Chuck) Taylor as a salesman to promote All Star canvas-topped shoes. With the challenging sales in 1923, Chuck Taylor recommended few modification to the men's shoes and so today, his signature line, Converse Chuck Taylor All Star was launched. Converse Chuck Taylor All Star shoes is still popular, classic and affordable than any other basketball shoes. Toecap for protection Rubber outsole for better traction and durability

Women's neutral running shoe which supplies cushioning, transition, and comfort.

Faux Shearling High Top Booties by Kiddopotamus with all-new styling and luxe faux fur lining will keep your baby in cozy style!  The soles are soft and flexible as recommended for healthy foot development. The High Top Booties are completely lined in plush faux fur so all baby feels is soft, cozy comfort.  The outer layer of durable faux suede comes in fawn, pink and blue.  A higher top opens wide to easily slip on baby's foot and secures closed with self-fastener featuring a darling star appliqu. Available in three sizes for babies and toddlers.

Luxurious and WARM. Women's ULU Crow Shearling Boots lock out the icy cold. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Here you go. The naturally warm shearling lining traps heat inside, creating a barrier from the cold. Fashion "mukluks"

Made in Brazil of the finest, softest rubber, the Top from Havaianas is an ultra-comfortable flip-flop that you'll want to live in this summer. This slip-on thong comes in a rainbow of vivid colors and features a molded rubber upper with a Havaianas flag badge, a shock absorbing midsole and a durable rubber outsole for a steady step. Whether you're building sand castles on the beach or dashing through the mall, the Top will keep you light on your feet all season long.	The world's best rubber flip flop can now be found in a variety of different colors! How can you "top" that?

Timberland set new industry standards for craftsmanship, durability and protection when it introduced an authentic, waterproof leather boot in 1973. A global leader in design, engineering and marketing of premium footwear, Timberland values consumers who cherish the outdoors and their time in it. Timberland has been an industry leader in the use of both sustainable and recycled materials in its shoes, as well as its footwear packaging. The Timberland Company believes in corporate responsibility and supports numerous civic and social projects throughout the year.

Swing the night away. Men's all leather Black and White Spectator. Men's 1" standard heel. A Fully constructed shoe with a Suede Sole for Ballroom dancing. Comes with a FREE CARRY BAG. This shoe is the deal of the year. Men order your standard USA street shoe size.

C4S technology places the cleat studs in a 4x3 setup that maximizes stability, balance and acceleration adiPRENE+ in the forefoot gives optimum forefoot efficiency and propulsion Lightweight synthetic leather upper is form-fitting and perforated for ventilation adiTuff rubber toe adds protection Non-slip lining and padded collar and tongue is comfortable and supportive

Have you been looking for that perfect child's wedding shoe for his tuxedo or pageant outfit? These shoes are so darling.	 Boys dress shoes that are unique and stylish!	 They will be perfect for dress suits or slacks outfits. Patent finish will keep them gleaming and easy to clean. Will complement any dress clothing from tuxedos to dress shorts. All-Season wear for those special occasions.	Lace-up for fit, cushioned insole for comfort, and patent leather for ease of care. A perfect shoe!	Available in Infants/Toddlers Size 3 thru 8. See our matching shoes for Boys sizes 9 through 5..For size information, please see our size charts.	PLEASE NOTE

Teva offers something a little different to kick around in this summer. Ideal for the beach, poolside or backyard play, this sandal is made with a soft yet sturdy nylon webbing in a cute criss-cross strap design that will hold the foot in place much more effectively than your average flip flop. The cushy EVA footbed offers plenty of comfort and arch support, while the treaded rubber outsole provides great grip on wet and dry surfaces.	With a sexy cross-over thong upper, the Teva women's Olowahu Thong uses a soft, Mush EVA topsole with enhanced arch support to provide ultra cush for all day, every day. The cross-wrap upper is fashioned in smooth, lightweight tubular webbing for a comfort ride.Teva, being Teva, these sandals are shipped in Bio-Degradable PLA bag..

The Shoe Shine Butler is a wall-mounted tool that securely holds your shoes while you shine them. This patented product is length-adjustable and fits children's, women's, and men's footwear. It conveniently folds flat to the wall for easy storage. The Shoe Shine Butler takes the effort out of shining.

The adidas Equipment B-Ball Super Bowl basketball shoe features a laser-etched full-grain leather and TPU synthetic upper. The rich material mix adds comfort and durability. Prints on the midsole are visible through a clear adiPRENE+ outsole. Wt. 20.2 oz.

The Supernova Control 9 Running Shoe from adidas is a star on the pavement. Its sporty uppers incorporate NoSeam fit technology for a sleek look and feel. GeoFit construction ensures an anatomically sound fit, and the TORSION system provides midfoot integrity. A ProModerator Medical support device prevents over-pronation, but we really love the Supernova's Orthoclase sockliner for its ability to wick away moisture and control odor.	The adidas Supernova Control 9 men's running shoes loves your feet so much it will protect them from nearly anything, even you. See, if you've got a bad running form, you're one of your foot's biggest arch enemies. That's "arch enemy" in the most literal sense, because if you're overpronating (rolling your feet too far inward during the gait cycle), you're putting unnecessary strain on your arch supports, putting yourself at greater risk for muscle fatigue and even foot injury. The adidas Supernova Control 9 is designed to guide your foot toward a better form for a more energy efficient, comfortable run.Don't think of the adidas Supernova Control 9 as coming between you and your feet. Think of them as a comfy footwear counselor. The adidas Supernova Control 9 utilizes the best of adidas-exclusive foot guidance and cushioning technology to reduce the damage of this common running-form problem and the strain it puts on your relationship with your foot. Now that's selfless love.

Have fun matching up this shapely knee-high design from Pleaser with your favorite gam-baring outfits. Crafted with a smooth, polished synthetic leather upper, the Electra-2023 features a combination hook and eyelet lace-up, along with a zip-up side for easy dressing and a form-fitting look. The chunky heel and platform help create a curvy silhouette, perfect for pairing with mini skirts and short shorts.	Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world! 5.5 Inch Block Heel Platform Boot.

The adidas Boston Classic men's running shoes are the kind of shoe that delivers performance while earning you respect with every step. We like to think of these outstanding runners as super shoes. Now, we're not insinuating they are super-hero shoes... Do the adidas Boston Classic men's running shoes possess the ability to leap tall buildings in a single bound? Can they stop bullets? Do they lead a second life as a mild-mannered reporter? We can give a definite "No" to the first two. As far as that alter ego, we'll leave that one up to you. Regardless of superpowers, the adidas Boston Classic men's running shoes are definitely your footwear version of the Green Monster. These kicks are constructed for long wear, and the old-school influence in the style will earn you fashion points whether you're running the Emerald Necklace or jogging the Minuteman Bike Path. Lace up your own adidas Boston Classic men's running shoes and show some Beantown pride.

In April 2003, Etonic was bought from Spalding Sports Worldwide by a private investor group based in Waltham, Massachusetts. The "new" Etonic is led by an experienced team of footwear professionals focused solely on re-building the Etonic brand and company as a global golf leader. While our team is respectful of Etonic's rich 127 year heritage, we are most passionate about the future and our opportunity to evolve the golf footwear and glove categories with a renewed spirit and energy. Since 1945, when Etonic first introduced a golf shoe, golfers around the world have trusted Etonic's products to deliver superior comfort, quality and value. The company's ongoing evolution has been driven by technical innovation and supported by an impressive history of "firsts"

The Naot Gardenia is one women's sandal that sure to deliver style and comfort. This Naot shoe is set in a soft leather upper in a closed-toe style that features intricate cut-outs and accents, and a velcro strap closure keeps it adjustable for that perfect fit. The suede footbed is made of latex and cork materials for extra shock absorption and excellent support. The specialized footbed construction helps this women's shoe form to the natural shape of your foot. You'll love each step in the Naot Gardenia.

There's nothing better than a nice warm pair of boots or gloves when heading outside for a day on the slopes. Conversely, there's nothing worse than starting your day off with a soaking wet boot liner or jacket. Well now you can have the best of both worlds with the DryGuy boot and glove dryer. Boasting four extra-tall air chambers and a whisper-quiet rotary blower, the DryGuy blasts heated or unheated air on up to four garments at once.  The device dries up to 4 garments in roughly an hour.  Within roughly an hour, your boots, gloves, jacket, or snow pants will be completely dry, preparing you for your next downhill or cross-country excursion. You can also warm your garments in minutes if you just need a quick blast.  The DryGuy employs gently warmed Forced Air technology, which is guaranteed to protect your boot liners and eliminate unpleasant odor. The approximate temperature of the air coming out of the nozzle is 99 degrees F, warm enough to dry garments without causing damage. Plus, by eliminating moisture, the DryGuy prevents the growth of bacteria and mold. The DryGuy also offers a three-hour timer for particularly wet garments and a 6-foot cord that should reach most outlets. The DryGuy carries a one-year warranty.	Whether you are snowboarding, downhill or cross country skiing, playing in the snow, hiking, hunting or fishing, properly drying your gear after your day's activities, not only makes them last longer, but also makes your next days outing more enjoyable. With four extra tall air chambers, the DryGuy can dry up to four garments at the same time in an hour. The high volume whisper quiet rotary blower provides a blast of heated or unheated air for super fast drying.  Weighing in at 2-1/2 pounds, the DryGuy will take up very little space on your next outdoor trip or as a permanent fixture at your vacation home.

The ideal shoe for motorsport enthusiasts and a lifestyle statement at the same time (not fireproof). The PUMA Speed Cat features a soft pig suede, leather and nylon upper for comfort and great-looking style. Oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole keeps you on your toes, ready to go. This cat's ready to pounce!

The Harness boot from Frye has a rugged style and construction--it looks tough, it's made tough.  The leather is distressed to look and feel broken in, and may become your instant favorite.	Dating back to the 1800s, the Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the US, giving Frye products a long and illustrious history! Today Frye remains true to its heritage and vintage roots, while continuing to innovate and expand its footwear for continuously fashionable designs using rich leathers and quality hardware. The Harness 12R boot features definitive O-ring straps and studs on distressed leather uppers with a squared snub-toe, making for a timeless design. Double pull-tabs, a wellington vamp, cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, pitched heels with rubber heel lifts, and durable Goodyear welt construction finish off this boot beautifully! Known for strength, durability, and comfort! Shaft circumference is approx. 15", height approx. 12", stacked heel approx. 2". Style #87354. Tan.

Stylish, comfortable center seam oxford. Constructed out of the highest quality leather. Anatomical Gel Construction with exclusive sole technology for ultimate comfort. Unique sole construction includes a combination of leather and rubber for comfort and flexibility.

For use in wet, muddy conditions. Constructed of lightweight black PVC compound. Made in the USA.	Sorry not for sale in California.

Enhance your casual look with the April flat from MIA. This adorable flat has a canvas upper, a striped ribbon surrounding the collar topped with a little bow for extra feminine flair, and a contrast stitch detail surrounding the welt. It also features a braided espadrille midsole, a rubber outsole, and a fully cushioned insole for premium comfort. Look as sweet as the day is long when pairing the April with a denim mini.	MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.

Developed for that runner looking for a fast-pace trainer with added support. A synthetic/mesh upper adds lightweight comfort and support. An ACTEVA midsole features greater consistancy in cell size/lower density of cellular foam structure to increase resistance to compression set, Nlock midfoot support is designed to provide upper midfoot structure and enhanced support, a medial EVA post provides pronation control, ABZORB in the heel and ABZORD SBS in the forefoot add shock absorption. The solid rubber outsole delivers a lightweight cushioned ride. Wt. 8.3 oz.

The ultra-comfortable Florsheim Fairbanks Chukka is the perfect look for a man who cares about his day-to-day style. You'll be ready for anything in soft leather with a durable leather bottom, while enjoying the feel of a fully cushioned footbed, leather linings and a sock lining.	Men's Florsheim Fairbanks Dress Shoes. Casual Shoes designed for comfort. The Fairbanks style has lace closure; Both have soft leather uppers; Rubber outsole for traction; Leather quarter linings and sock linin; Fully cushioned footbed; Approx. 18 ozs. each. State Color, Width and Size. Take your pick and order today! Please Note

Dexter Womens Kinna Sport Golf Shoes feature

For a fabulous look that will take you anywhere looking perfectly polished and shamefully comfortable, Naturalizer Women's offers the classic Heath.  This pretty and practical flat boasts a streamlined silhouette that works well for the workday, and features a glossy toe cap with a shiny decorative buckle.  The modest heel adds lovely lift.	Radiate tailored sophistication with this minimalist skimmerLeather, faux leather or fabric upper with glossy faux patent trim and cap toeN5 Comfort System delivers deep cushioning underfootFlexible rubber-like sole3/4" heel height

These mens Timberland Cadion Sandals feature full grain leather, are waterproof, Timberland Agile IQ system with a full length stability plate, 3 points of adjustability with 2 hook and loop straps on the forefoot and 1 nylon buckle closure at the ankle, contoured EVA footbed, Durable Vibram outsole, and Compression molded EVA in heel.

Classic-inspired style. Soft, tumbled leather upper with the original thin, one layer tongue. Die-cut EVA insert and rubber cupsole with herringbone traction design. Weight 16.2 oz.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	The Anissa is an Ankle Strap Comfort Sandal by Clarks. The Anissa is available in the Colors Black and Brown Lea. This Clarks Ankle Strap is available in sizes 6.5, 7, 7.5, 8.5, 9, 9.5 and 10.

This classic leather loafer offers excellent comfort and versatility. A wardrobe staple that's perfect for the workday or the weekend, the Jess boasts a rich leather upper with dual elastic goring for an easy slip-on fit. The insoles are generously cushioned for comfort, and the dressy outsoles are lightweight, flexible, and slip-resistant.	The Trotters Jess shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in Brazil.

The Bozie sandal from Donald J Pliner will be indispensable to you in the next couple of seasons

Launched in January 2004, the Charles by Charles David line is designed for the woman who demands fashion and style at an appealing price. The variety of styles -- pumps, kitten heels, evening sandals, wedges and boots -- make this a versatile line of shoes ideal for a casual weekend, a night out or a boardroom business meeting. Unique fabrications and constructions such as padded insoles and flex sole bottoms make them especially comfortable. Charles by Charles David is available in Charles David retail stores as well as select department and specialty stores nationwide.

Punk up your edgy persona with the addition of this fierce warrior boot. From flared traction sole to knee-high leather shaft, it's a dark and daring look with your Goth getup or rocker gear. The Ravag's lace-up vamp sports a chap-style shin guard complete with dog-collar studs and metal buckles, with a side-zip entry that gets you strapped in and out the door in record time.	After over a decade of endeavoring to become the ultimate name in sexy shoes, PLEASER Footwear is today synonymous with premium sexy footwear.

This multi-purpose leather sports trainer delivers all the health benefits of Negative Heel technology. It's like walking on a treadmill at an incline. An ergonomic insole with Gelron2000 conforms to the shape of your foot and cushions.

The Cedar Western Boot Tree is designed to fit the unique shape of Western Boots. Toe and heel part of this Western Boot Tree are crafted from solid aromatic cedar wood. The heel part is equipped with a convenient and functional rawhide loop that makes it very easy to extract the Western Boot Tree from the Boot. By using the Cedar Western Boot Tree in your Western Boots you can keep them in perfect shape by eliminating creases and wear patterns and absorbing damaging moisture from the leather. For a perfect fit the Cedar Western Boot Tree is available in Mens and Womens sizes with the model for Men being wider than the model for women.

The Saucony 3D Grid Hurricane 7 running shoe is made for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper, HRC sockliner provides additional cushioning. Dual-density Impulse EVA midsole with medial post and midfoot support bridge. Medial visible 3D Grid system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC adds responsive forefoot cushioning. Impact Interface on lateral side allows heel compression without bottoming out. S.R.C. (Super Rebound Compound) in heel to absorb impact. b/cR forefoot outsole with XT-900 carbon rubber in heel strike zone. Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.	Put some style in your step with these Kenneth Cole Unlisted Knit Stitch Shoes. SAVE BIG! They range from funky to refined, but Kenneth Cole Shoes always have flair. This sharp pair is from Kenneth Cole under their Unlisted label. They're the perfect match for jeans, khakis or any other casual trousers. This is a discontinued style that we scooped up recently... and you save BIG! 20 years of quality

Wide strap style. Padded outer sole. Rainbow patch on strap. Made in ionized balanced glue to keep straps in place. Soft exterior.

Stunning Jimmy Choo leather shoes. Style is called "Sassy" and name of color is "Midanight Glitter". Double buckle closer. Guaranteed authentic in the original box. Heel is approx. 4 1/4". Sexy and chic.  MAKE HEADS TURN!

For a sportier version of your classic Keds tennis shoe, the micro-stretch Rebellion lace-up sneaker is what youre looking for. This sneaker has a soft leather upper with a mesh padded collar and tongue, lace-up closure, breathable padded insole, inner midsole vents, and a flexible rubber outsole for traction. The Rebellion is what your casual wardrobe needs.	Microstretch leather with natural stretch motion give these sneakers lasting comfort. Padded mesh collar for comfort around the ankle. Soft mesh lining. The natural shaped last give your toes wiggle room and a padded insole keeps a spring in your step all day long. Slip-resistant rubber sole.

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.	Deer Stags Krypton

You'll always stay one step ahead with the smooth leather Punchual slip-on from Kenneth Cole Reaction. This handsome loafer has it all with a padded collar, dual elastic goring for easy on/off, a squared toe, fine topstitch detailing surrounding the toe, a cushioned leather-lined footbed with arch support, and a flexible rubber outsole. The Punchual is great for business or casual wardrobes.	Sophisticated in its simplicity, this modern men's loafer is perfect for the business casual look. Set in a soft, full-grain leather upper, the Kenneth Cole Reaction Punchual is designed with a bike toe, semi-stitched topsole and hidden twin gores at sides. The padded collar of this Kenneth Cole Reaction shoe provides extra comfort, as does the leather lining and cushioned footbed with arch support. You'll be right on style time in the Kenneth Cole Reaction Punchual.

vellvet brown fabric 70

Sandal With Ankle Strap And 6 Inch Heel

PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revolutionary design. The PUMA Kids collection is as if you threw a sweater in the dryer. It has all the style and comfort you'd expect from PUMA--only it's smaller.	Puma El Rey Lifestyle Shoes

Caparros offers a wide selection of contemporary feminine dress shoes. Delicate hand beading, special materials, and the rich colors of the shoes have made Caparros the choice for unique and fabulous feminine footwear.	Satin upper with sequins	Adjustable ankle strap	Square toe	2" covered heel	Leather sole

Full-grain leather upper in "old school" styling offers outstanding comfort and support, performance removable sockliner for additional comfort, non-marking rubber outsole provides excellent traction. Wt. 14.8 oz.

11168303075 Features

The New Balance 101 Sandal  is a great shower slide. Wear them in the shower at the gym to protect your feet. Molded footbed for lightweight cushioning. Molded upper for comfortable fit.

5" Heel Stretch Knee Boot W/Innerzipper.

When you're looking for a good transition shoe for school or work into an evening out, the Unisex 3 Eye Steel Toe Gibson from Dr. Martens might just be the pair for you. Made with haircell leather--the best, strongest, and most valued layer of hide--this Gibson will take a beating, and yet clean up enough to be your Sunday best. The durable sole has a unique air-cushioned feature that's bound to please the most discerning feet. Benefits of Goodyear Welt Goodyear welt is a shoe construction in which the upper and sole of the shoe are stitched together for greater durability rather than glued. The resulting seam is visible and runs around the outside of the shoe, where the upper and outsole meet. About Dr. Martens  Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctors immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	3 eyelet classic gibson shoe, steel toe cap. Yellow Z welt stitch and traditional DM sole. This shoe is a fashion steel toe and is non-safety rated.

Order up some adventure with a side of water in the Newport H2 from KEEN. Ready for adverse conditions, the razor sipped outsole and 3mm lugs provide excellent traction. The washable polyester webbing upper features the odor-reducing Aegis Microbe Shield. KEEN patented toe protection lets you follow any path, whether to rivers or trails.	This water-ready cousin of the hot-selling Newport offers fast-drying nylon straps backed with neoprene so it's optimized for full immersion throughout the day. All of the other great features, including the patented toe cap that keeps your feet protected from underwater rocks, sharp obstructions and unruly crustaceans, remain the same..

Like the superhero that looks mild-mannered at rest but performs amazing feats when energized, lurking inside the design of this all-around shoe is the Mad Rock core DNA of fantastic comfort and performance. A proven design with a Mad twist, the Flash is a superb performer that can tackle face, trad and multi-pitch climbs with equal aplomb, and allows quick entry and adjustment with its twin Velcro closures. Traditional construction allows for a comfortable, sensitive all-arounder that features the worlds stickiest Mad Rubber for leaving fellow climbers in your wake.

The men's Engineer 12R boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude but exudes pure style. This attractive pull-on boot has an oiled leather upper with brushed silver hardware, two adjustable buckle details for a custom fit, neoprene oil resistant soles with a full-length leather midsole for maximum comfort and durability, and a cushioned insole for additional comfort. Made in USA.	Frye's Engineer Boot offers classic styling with adjustable buckled straps at the top of the shaft and across the vamp. The design includes a rounded toe, angled shaft, cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, subtly contoured stacked leather heel with rubber heel lift and durable Goodyear welt construction.

Comfortable, supportive New Balance Runners. These Runners get the gold for track-ready comfort! Mesh and synthetic leather uppers for breathable durability; Rubber outsole for grip; Shock-absorbing EVA midsole with Abzorb in heel and toes; TPU arch shank for stability; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking polyester mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; Approx. 18 ozs. each. State Width

The Babolat Pure All Court III is an all-new Babolat shoe for 2006. Featuring the same Babolat technology also found in Andy Roddick's Team All Court

The sleek leather and curvy lines of Kenneth Coles Make Ones Way slip-on dress shoe will give you a refined but modern look thats appropriate for the office, yet cool enough for a post-work dinner or drink out on the town, and with its padded, mesh-lined interior and cushiony rubber outsole, itll stay comfortable for just such occasions.	Brand and Style - KENNETH COLE NYMake One's Way    Size - 14    Width - Medium (D, M)    Color - Black    Material - Genuine Leather Upper and Man Made Sole

Comfortable to Minus 20 Degree... COMFORTABLE PRICE TOO! Keep you feet warm without icing your family budget. Itasca Icebreaker Boots pac big warmth at a great price. Here's the details

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.

Your little Zen princess will love the Lotus rainboot from Kidorable. This pretty pastel boot comes complete with a playful petal-shaped shaft. Its durable rubber and tractioned sole will help her to splash around all she wants while providing a non-slip grip so that she can enjoy playing in the rain every time.	Our lotus rain boots are guaranteed to be the cutest boot in your neighborhood. These kid rain boots will make quite a splash because kids truly love to leap around puddles, plus they are oh so cute and practical!

Enhance your work wardrobe without breaking the bank. This classic style from Dockers features a smooth leather upper with a cap toe, while the padded collar and insole, along with the rubber outsole deliver all-day comfort.	Smooth finished leather cap toe. Four eyelet design. Comfort padded breathable insole.

Etienne Aigner has over 40 years experience in crafting footwear. Classic looks with modern touches of fashion blend together for elegant yet easy-to-wear shoes. Dressed-up or casual, Etienne Aigner is dedicated to providing some of the finest footwear for women who love shoes.	Etienne Aigner has over 40 years experience in crafting footwear. Classic looks with modern touches of fashion blend together for elegant yet easy-to-wear shoes. Dressed-up or casual, Etienne Aigner is dedicated to providing some of the finest footwear for women who love shoes.

Guaranteed WATERPROOF protection! Rocky GORE-TEX Eliminator 2.2 Duty Boots. SAVE BIG BUCKS! You don't have time to slip your galoshes on when the rain comes, and you don't have time to tiptoe around puddles. These Rocky Eliminators are super-comfortable and super-durable... everything you would expect from a high-end manufacturer like Rocky. And the GORE-TEX liner makes wet, soggy feet a distant memory. Great for chores, out in the field, at the shop, or just out exploring the backwoods. Thanks to a slight change in styles, you SAVE big bucks off retail! Rocky working performance

Men's Kodiak Steel Toe Hiking Shoes Warehouse and factory workers will love the Hiking Shoe comfort and support, and toe-to-heel protection of these Kodiak Safety Toe Hiking Shoes

UniSole construction maximizes traction through increased contact with the mat. Integrated lace cover conforms to high school, college, national and international regulations. Rubber reinforcement increases sole durability and surface area. Wt. 10.7 oz.

Itasca Pull - on Boots make those quick trips outside fast and warm. SAVE BIG! For him and for her, both sporting

Mid-cut design for added stability and support, full leather upper with unique lacing system for custom fit, DMX I-pak technology for comfort and load distribution. Wt. 10.6 oz.

Rebels offers the perfect mix of clever youthfulness and smart attitude. Specializing in great flats and killer platforms, Rebels can style your feet from day to night.

The perfect combination of looks and comfort, these handsome fisherman sandals from Mephisto. Leather upper. Leather lining. Rubber sole. Cushion footbed.

In a classic work boot style, this insulated boot from Chippewa will work as hard as you do, if not harder. Fully waterproof, it has a lace-up closure for securing a perfect fit, a padded tongue and collar for even more comfort, and a high-abrasion lugged outsole for traction on multiple surfaces.	Vibram sole, real shearling lining, WARM to -50 deg. F Chippewa Arctic 50 Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Real shearling wool lining! Italian-made and loaded almost beyond belief! These actually justify their usual price tag... but this Close-Out inventory saves you big bucks off that! Order pronto for this steal

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive dragon fly design is embroidered onto soft and durable grass green canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Ivory design on grass green canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

Genuine snakeskin, 1-1/4 leather belt  Croco-/lizard-embossed accents  Brushed nickel buckle with double leather loop  32 to 54 in 2 increments  Order next size up from your waist  To view matching footwear, type Sinclair or Stanza in search box

Give a sleek line to your look with these slim ankle booties. The faux-leather upper tapers to a fashionably narrow, square toe, which looks great peeking from under of a pair jeans, or completing a skirt and tights ensemble. With a nine-inch stretch shaft and full inside zipper, you'll feel as great as you look in this 2 inch heel.	Patterned tights and leggings will look incredible with these sleek ankle boots from Rampage.  Smooth faux leather upper in an ankle-height dress boot style, with a tapered, squared toe, tonal stitching, seaming and overlay accents, 9 inch stretch boot shaft, full inside zipper and 5 inch stretchable basic diameter.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned insole and dress midsole.  Flat traction dress outsole, with a stacked 2 1/2 inch tapered, squared mid-high dress heel.

What a great little sport shoe for zipping around town! The JBU300 features an easy slip-on design, and its leather, nylon and mesh construction gives it a lightweight, breathable and foot-hugging fit and feel. So slender and chic, it would even look cute paired with a denim mini skirt or belted tee dress.	Comfortable moccassins by Esprit feature colorful accents. Leather.

Keep your shoes looking new and fresh after repeated wearings with cedar shoe inserts  Feature flexible spring bars that will adjust to fit  Cedar care tips

An easy step begins immediately with the Reef Leather Smoothy sandal. It has simple, antiqued leather straps and leather linings, along with a foamy EVA sole, for perfect comfort and cushioning.	Features

Highly-ventilated AIRmesh upper. CMEVA midsole with Composite Parallel Wave configuration. VS-1 point-of-impact shock absorption, Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation. Solid rubber forefoot , X-10 high-density carbon rubber heel. Weight 11.4 oz.

Catch some sweet summer sun rays when wearing the Slim Season flip flop from Havaianas. This perfect flip flop has a molded thin rubber upper with a Havaianas logo, a whimsical floral print insole, a shock absorbing midsole, and a durable rubber outsole for premium footing. Hit the beach in style this summer with the Slim Season. Made in Brazil.	This flip flop has the best mix of comfort and style for every Season!

The Duro-Med long handle shoehorn extends an individual's reach to 24" long. Comes with a  chrome-plated shaft and a flexible head for easy use.

An original tennis shoe that's both comfortable and stylish. Combination nubuck and nylon mesh upper with one-piece solid polyurethane midsole/outsole.

#661195  For Absolute Turf Performance Get the Absolado Turf Boot with Traxion tecnology from adidas

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	The perfect cold-weather shoe for the sandal lover. The Dr. Martens Cal Crushed is perfect for your active, outdoor lifestyle. Easy to slip on and off, this lightweight men's casual shoe packs light and travels well. A soft, textured leather upper features a toggle-pull closure for easy on and off. EVA footbed provides additional comfort and flexibility.

An automotive customization company that now offers the highest quality products for shoes and clothing, 310 is about a lifestyle. The name is based on the area code for the city of Los Angeles where 310 Motoring was established, and they are now the number one automotive customization specialist for celebrities, athletes and entertainers. People from all over the world come to Los Angeles to get their cars designed by 310 and ride away with a vehicle unlike any other, with custom rims and tires, audio systems, entertainment centers and more. These "Influencers" drive automobiles that reflect their personalities, and set the trends with their lifestyle. Customers look up to them

These flip flops are perfect for the beach, the pool, BBQs, or even with out with your favorite summer pants.  Made with soft microfiber in numerous colors for a perfect match every time.

New York designer Betsey Johnson has built her long-standing career in fashion by following her own set of rules. Known for her celebration of the exuberant, the embellished, and the over the top, Betsey has been rocking the fashion industry with her unique and original designs since the 1960's.

In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.	Genuine suede & eelskin leather upper   Comfy foam insole   Flexible rubber sole   12.5 inch shaft height   Zipper and buckle    3.25 inch heel

A boot that's meant to have fun in. Bright red with a silver toe tip accent will ensure everyone can see these boots! A cowgirl favorite! Injection molded sole for extra durability. This boot can be used for school, play and even horse camp. All man made materials.  Infant sizes are shoe size 4 to 8; Children sizes are 8 1/2 to 3 and Youth sizes are 3 1/2 to 7. Import.

sweater babyblue fabric 60

sweater babyblue fabric 65

Relax in style with the Glamour slipper from Daniel Green. The leather or snake-print leather upper adds a touch of class to your leisure wardrobe. The soft sole is perfect for wearing at home, and the lightweight, breathable lining lends comfort; a padded footbed cushions every step.

The Dafa wedge from Jessica Simpson is a hot, and utterly sweet treat. The scintillating, sexy and smooth leather is calmed down by the retro-precious oversized buckle detail and demure, low wedge. The suede snub toe was also added to make it much more pretty princess than va-va-voom vamp.	You'll go daffy over these inviting slip ons from Jessica Simpson. High shine patent or smooth leather upper in a dress wedge slip on style with a square toe with coordinating suede toe cap. Strap style front overlay with bold metallic buckle embellishment and rivet details. Tonal stitching accents and heel seam detail. Smooth faux leather lining, cushioning faux leather topped insole. Lightweight, slightly flexible midsole rises to a 1 1/4 inch low stacked wedge heel. Flat traction sole.

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX(TM) foam. Weight 16.4 oz.

European inspired kids' footwear at affordable prices.

For the latest in fashion and function, check out the Bandolino line of footwear. With its perfect pairing of quality and style, Bandolino serves your desire for fashion with versatility. This brand embraces a modern design aesthetic that features built-in function and wearability, while delivering a fashion-forward product that is infused with style and color, all at an affordable price.	The D-ring and tassel give this 6" boot a sassy equestrian edge Buttery leather upper with the perfect amount of slouchiness Side zipper for easy on/off Rubber sole 3-1/2" heel height

The men's cap toe oxford from Giorgio Brutini is a modern classic with a luxury twist. It features a soft kidskin upper and a one-inch heel for a touch of lift and comfort.	The men's cap toe oxford from Giorgio Brutini is a modern classic with a luxury twist. Soft kidskin leather upper. Folded captoe lace-up tie in kid skin leather upper with genuine leather sole.

A soft supple full grain leather upper ballroom shoe. Soft sueded sole for all types of ballroom dancing. Inner lining and comfortable inner sole cushion. Sleek 1 1/4" leather covered heel. Ankle strap and buckle. A great basic shoe for the beginner or advanced dancer.

The Rockport Men's Margin Oxford  is one of the best selling dress casual oxford shoes on the market today. It is so versatile that you can wear it to the office or a casual night out on the town. The padded tongue and ankle collar give it a long lasting comfort. The Strobel construction provides forefoot flexibility to aid in the walking motion. A Latex footbed cushions the foot and helps reduce localized foot pressure. The Dual density polyurethane provides durable shock absorption.  The full grain leather upper is easy to clean and maintain.      About Rockport Rockport, founded in 1971, is the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes. Rockport pioneered the relationship between performance and style that today's consumers have come to expect.  We've run the New York City Marathon, climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro, and sailed around the world to show our consumers our enduring commitment to continued innovation.	Having Big Bucks means having the luxury of options. A traditional classic, redefined for spring, the Rockport Big Bucks Margin will add depth to any workplace wardrobe. The Big Bucks Ccollection produces comfort on a grand scale in a variety of colors and textures. Full-grain leathers and nubuck suede conform to the foot over time for personalized comfort, but remain easy to clean to ensure that the shoes look better longer. On the performance side, the outsole provides durable shock absorption to help reduce foot fatigue, while inside, the Dynamic Suspension-FoamPak DMX foam chamber on top of an EVA footbed provides dynamic cushioning and a massaging sensation. Say hello to Rockport Big Bucks Margin this spring and say hello to comfort.

Wet terrain? No problem. Rockport Lakota Waterproof Boots defy water to ensure dry feet. A powerful storm's a' brewing in the West. Looks like rain for sure. But your feet won't care. That is, if you're wearing these Waterproof Boots. They shed water like a shy puppy. Guaranteed to keep your feet free of moisture, even if you're standing in a shallow stream up to the boot tops. No more dodging puddles, slush or mush either. Fact is, you'll wonder how you ever got along without these waterproof wonders. Toss your old boots that leak like a sieve and get these humdinger today! Here's the scoop

A cushioned training shoe featuring the a3(TM) Energy-Management System, comprised of polyurethane components that minimize harmful impact forces, direct the foot through its natural motion and maintain essential energy return with each footstrike. The synthetic mesh upper has a forefoot wrap for improved fit. adiPrene+ helps maintain forefoot propulsion and efficiency, while the Torsion System helps create stability and control. Weight 14.4 oz.

Men's Hodgman Neoprene Wading Shoes. Neoprene Wading Shoes are ideal for float tubing, wading and other watersport activities

Gel ICE technology means you'll work day in comfort... DISCOUNT PRICE! It's a hard life for your feet. Thankfully these 10" Gel Cell Packers are here to help with gel-cushioned comfort and all the quality and construction details that have made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Details

Chinese Laundry launched in 1982 with a collection of fashion forward footwear targeted to the young women's market. From stylish daytime looks in innovative fabrics and leathers, to evening collections in dressy metallics and iridescents, Chinese Laundry continues to create and deliver style and fashion at an affordable price. Chinese Laundry has carved a niche for itself in today's competitive market and is available in better department and specialty stores nationwide.	Check out this super cute Slip On from Chinese Laundry. Shoe is made of patent leather and has a sexy 4" stilleto Heel.

Me Too builds shoes from the ground up to bring you the fashion and comfort you deserve. They accomplish this by using the finest leathers, components and treatments, combined with the latest inspirations.Me Too is established in the fashion world as timeless and classic with a little edge.	Head out to that semi-dressy weekend party with the Jones sandal from Me Too.  Crinkle patent leather upper in a casual slingback wedge style with a round open toe.  Soft leather lining over a thick memory foam cushioned footbed that's perfect for the dance floor.  Buckled heel strap with elastic relief.  1 1/2 inch leather and cork platform midsole.   Grippy rubber outsole.  3 3/4 inch cork wrapped wedge heel.

A step ahead in comfort and style. All things are not created equal. In the case of dress shoes, Florsheim Chapin Loafers out run mere loafers by virtue of their flexible handsewn toe. More flexibility, no "puckering" and a better fit for your toes. The seam is even covered for the most refined look you'll find in a loafer. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

Nylon and suede upper, EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

When you're rounding the bases, a good cleat is everything. Lightweight and low-cut, this reliable performer is designed to give you the sure footing you need to score. The innovative construction of the Triple Star 5 from adidas has a synthetic leather upper with an adiTUFF toe cap for added durability, a full lace up closure with a foldover tongue, and a padded collar for additional ankle support. You'll never miss a play with the high traction rubber outsole that will ensure maximum grip in all directions, and the cushioned insole will work to give you premium comfort while you're playing hard.	Cover all your bases with the Triple Star 5 baseball cleats from Adidas. These shoes will give you everything you need to get an advantage on the field and really stand out. This pair of shoes features

****OUT OF STOCK SIZES WILL BE BACKORDERED THROUGH DEXTER UNTIL MID JUNE**** Universal Soles

Hand-pleated vamp in fine kid skin upper with genuine leather sole. Center gore for perfect fitting.

Slippers International is still very much a family business. The origin of their fine slipper-making dates back to their 1930's ancestors. Nearly 75 years later, they still maintain unsurpassed quality in their slipper making.	The Tamarac Toasty shoes feature a fabric upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Thanks to the Goodyear-inspired design of the adidas Adi Racer 4, your feet will never have looked so tired. Ha, ha; get it? That's just one of the many terrible car-related puns you can look forward to making multiple times a day whenever you take your Adi Racers out for a cruise. Don't let a few bad jokes make you spin-out, though. You should burn rubber to acquire these comfortable, uniquely stylish and above all radi(c)al shoes.The adidas Adi Racer 4's distinctive driving-shoe-inspired design is a sure attention-getter, giving virtually anything in your wardrobe an automatic style tune-up that will never go flat. The stylish leather upper is also lightweight and breathable, to boot (Note

WORK AMERICAs rugged leather work oxford is perfect for your demanding work conditions									Moisture-resistant leather upper									Abrasion-resistant, multi-density, shock-reduction Responder II sole									MAXUM insert for slip-resistance									Leather quarter lining									Padded collar for ankle support						;if (typeof amznJQ === "undefined") { } else { amznJQ.onReady('JQuery', function() { setTimeout(function() {if(msa.Vowels) { var amzvowels = new msa.Vowels(jQuery,16,["ec2.images-amazon.com","ec3.images-amazon.com", "ec5.images-amazon.com"],5,'1NAHXB071QCBFQV24PEA', ["z-ec3.images-amazon.com", "z-ak.images-amazon.com" ], "images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com", ["1820", "3320", "7470", "14730"], ["1820B","3320B","7470B","14730B","1","2","3","4","5","6","7","8","9","10","14","15","17","18","19","20","21","22","23"], 50, 50, 100); amzvowels.initializeAndStart(); }}, 8000)}); }

The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility.  Weight 10.8 oz.

Bring classic style to work attire with Madison from Stacy Adams. A cap-toe will complement slacks and suiting, while breathable leather linings and a padded leather insole adds comfort.	Men's Stacy Adams Madison Oxfords. Classic Oxfords for professional confidence. Their smooth leather uppers have a perforated accent across the toe for a classy touch. The flexible leather soles offer durability and comfort. And they have comfortable, cushioned footbeds. State Color and Size. Medium width. A timeless addition to every professional's wardrobe. Order Now! Please Note

Corcoran 9" Suede Leather and Nylon Mach Boots... rugged, duty - ready and easy on your feet! Rough-and-tumble Boots! The uppers are built to last for years... they feature full-grain leather and breathable 1,200-denier nylon combination to get you through the toughest of tours. But that's not the only feature... they're super-comfortable and ready for hot-weather action, too! The removable DRYZ cushioned insert wicks away moisture, and this Boot even has a built-in moisture-wicking lining for a stay-dry Boot interior. Extra shock absorption comes from an EVA midsole to keep your feet in top condition while you weather the battle. The skinny

Rocky GORE-TEX 6" World Worker Boots are happy to go into overtime! Rocky, Vibram, GORE-TEX, Helcor... these are BUILT, to make your on-your-feet on-the-job day better than ever! GORE-TEX waterproof / breathable membrane guarantees 100% dry comfort, from outside and in; New Rocky exclusive, Vibram R.A.T.S. (Rocky All-Terrain Sole) outsole has traction going on literally every which-way; Uppers are premium full-grain leather and rugged, waterproof waxide fabric; Helcor high-abrasion toe guard and heel counter add to the durability, no matter what tough stuff you encounter; Suspension Matrix footbed adds comfort and support; ANSI 75 rated steel toe for safety. Get these hardworkers ONLINE today! State Width

K Swiss classic tennis/lifestyle shoes

The adidas Supernova Trail running shoe features revolutionary ForMotion that delivers an incredible trail leveling effect. Light, breathable upper with NoSeam forefoot makes it lighter and more comfortable than ever. Dual-density Orthoclase sockliner adds comfort, durability and odor control. adiPRENE insert in heel offers comfort and shock absorption. adiPRENE+ in the forefoot. Torsion System bar provides midfoot arch protection. Pro-Moderator medial support device helps prevents overpronation. TraXion outsole gives maximum grip in all directions.

coyl white paris 80

Designed for the performing neutral runner and mild overpronator looking for the ultimate running shoe. Breathable double-layer air mesh upper with hidden synthetic support trimmings. 360 3M reflective material, synthetic heat cut, supportive line molding and integrated Lace-Wrap-System. KMS 100 CMEVA midsole with duoCELL in the heel and idCELL in the forefoot, ArchTec support. EverTrack heel with EverRide and EverLite forefoot. Wt. 10.9 oz.

The new men's shoe collection by Forzieri is exclusively hand-made by the most expert Italian artisans that combine traditional excellent craftsmanship with original new designs. These brown oxford shoes are embellished by two tassels on the laces and by contrasting leather pipings on the side, making the perfect choice for an important business meeting or for a dressy occasion. Dust bag included, Hand-made in Italy

duke black paris 85

Trust the Jack Purcell legacy of style to treat a new material right. The thin-wale fashion corduroy upper is a perfect cool-weather departure, but the removable sock cushion, trademark smile and effortless stylish looks are classic JP. With a siped rubber outsole for a sure-footed grip, and snappy fall colors.

This basketball-inspired casual shoe comes fully equipped with bold statements and all the goodies, including a canvas upper that rolls down to show a different color on the cuff. That's right  two sides, so you can fully express yourself, and a rubber outsole that's guaranteed to keep you on your toes.

Pull on the classic all-American Boot! Rugged, distinct, cowboy. These Boots don't just look the part, they ARE the part. Made of rich, rugged Mignon leather from top to bottom for a long life. Plus just enough decorative stitching so you can wear them to "gussied-up" events like weddings and graduations. Of course, built with all the quality that has made Dan Post a leading name in Cowboy Boots. Details

Enzo Carisi was born in Italy, the son of a small town shoe maker and retailer. In 1959, he emigrated from Italy to America with the dream of bringing Italian shoes to the American market. His dream became a reality in 1964 as he started his own business importing shoes. Today, Enzo continues to bring the highest quality materials and newest styles to America. The Enzo factory creates the finest styles with your childrens feet in mind. Experience in fit, fashion and style are available to you when buying Enzo shoes.

Justin 13" London Calf Boots. Justin Boots are always made with the highest quality material, style and workmanship

100% waterproof construction. Soft pvc for maximum comfort and stays flexible in cold temperatures Slip resistant outsole

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Men's Clarks Mercury Shoes. Athletic - looking casuals that win the gold medal for comfort! Keep your feet comfy from starting gun to finishing line... and win a few style points while you're at it! Lightweight construction helps you get over the day's hurdles while the shock-absorbing Ortholite inserts provide the cushion to keep on moving. Add in the the breathable leather and mesh covered insole... and you'll be able to get through the day with no sweat. Try 'em on

Extremely lightweight shoe with the glove-like fit that the professional player demands. Ultra supple, water resistant Kangaroo leather upper provides for a glove-like fit, soft Kurester fabric around ankle collar offers comfort, cambrelle lined to prevent excessive stretching, lightweight woven microfiber carbon located on heel and tongue add durability and resists stretching. Removable cambrelle and frelene insole. Multi-density polyurethane F RTX 12 outsole ensures excellent traction while allowing responsive forefoot flexion, studs in external edges of heel area increase support surface and ensure enhanced stability.

Indulge in the sweeter details of the Ginger two-piece pump from Touch Ups. Matte and shine fabrics create a subtle contrast, framed by a sensible heel with special event intentions.

Designed for the fashionable woman who is on her feet all day, the Bev from J. Renee delivers timeless style that can be paired with your dressy wardrobe season after season. Featuring a gored sling and notched vamp for better fit and comfort, this pump has a wearable, metallic 1 inch heel and an eye-catching lizard design.	Capture a wild elegance with the Bev slingback from J.Rene. A lizard print slithers its way across the classic upper, while touching upon the heel as well. The no-slip sole design easily moves from daytime corridors to evening events.

When you're on the court, you don't want a shoe that tires out before you do. K-Swiss has your back with the Ultrascendor. Lightweight with strategically enhanced durability at the toe and heel, this is a performer that goes the distance.	The K-Swiss Ultrascendor tennis shoe for men is designed for the competitive player with a lightweight and durable design. The leather upper includes a tough Helcor toe wrap, and the Aosta 7.0 rubber outsole features a DragGuard in the toe and heel. Shock Spring technology and a Cushion Board construction help to provide added cushioning and shock absorption.

Oak tanned/buffed leather outsoles prevents foot fatigue

Slip-on, comfortable, after sport moc..

Synthetic/mesh upper. ACTEVA midsole with Nlock midfoot support , medial EVA post, ABZORB in heel and ABZORD SBS in forefoot . Solid rubber outsole. Weight 8.3 oz.

Split-sole design with canvas/leather upper. Lined heel for comfort and fit. 3.0 oz.

Men's Propet Country Walker. Get them in narrow, 3X wide or anywhere in between! Get back to a relaxed pace in the Country Walker Casual Oxford from Propet

The ASICS Hyper-Rocketgirl XCS flat is constructed to meet the fit requirements of the female athlete. Designed specifically to fit a womans foot with features like the unique Trusstic System to provide midfoot support and an CMEVA midsole for added cushioning, it is ready for any terrain it encounters. Solid rubber outsole adds increased durability and traction. Rubber studs offer improved traction. Wt. 6.8 oz.

#011317  Absolute Control   Absolute Comfort   Get the +Absolado Firm Ground Boot with Traxion from adidas

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive frog design is embroidered onto soft and durable powder pink canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create a snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Burgundy design on powder pink canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.	SLFG-PKM Color

vellvet brown fabric 100

A classic leather backpacker; the Merrell Wilderness Hiking Boots - Men's features Norwegian welt construction puts a wide platform underfoot for stability. Designed to last a lifetime, this one piece hiker with top-grain leather upper sporting a bellows tongue showcases Italian craftsmanship. Strap-on crampon-compatible the Wilderness Vibram Roccia Block Sole/Trek Rubber will take your through miles and mile of adventure..

In 1881 Daniel Green, a young traveling shoe salesman for the Wallace Elliott Company in New York City, visited Dolgeville, New York. Daniel was shown a pair of felt shoes fashioned from waste pieces of piano felt which had been made in the Dolgeville Felt Mill. Daniel Green noticed that these felt shoes were worn by many factory workers to keep their feet warm and comfortable on the cold factory stone floors, and thus a legend in footwear was born.	Synthetic materials make this moccasin-style slipper extra warm. The cushioned sole provides insulation on cold floors, and a memory foam insole conforms to your foot to ensure this slipper will always feel comfortable. Brown suede trim adds an extra touch of style. Made with durability and styling in mind, this slipper can be worn indoors or out.

The Stowe tassel loafer from Allen Edmonds is a genuine hand sewn moccasin loaded with style and comfort features. Its cushioned inner sole makes it the comfortable, correct choice for any occasion.	Handsewn pinch penny loafer. Full leather linings. Comfort forepart with PORON Materials. Tassels. Single oak leather sole. Custom heel.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	You will be hopping around like a "bunni" in these peep toe wedges. 1" stacked wedge, leather lining and leather soles.

What exactly is the M Squad? It sounds pretty intimidating, like a covert spy-hunting unit or something, but other than good taste in classic footwear, the qualifications aren't too specific. There doesn't seem to be any sort of identification card or registration papers involved, so you're probably safe wearing these Fila M Squad men's retro shoes even if you're not a bona fide member. That's a good thing, too, because the old-school stylishness and mid-top support the Fila M Squad offers are pretty hard to resist.The Fila M Squad's original design debuted in 1993 and, if anything, they've only gotten cooler through the years. Go ahead and slide your feet into these comfy timeless retro shoes. Enjoy their unique look on the court and their versatile fashionability on the street and enjoy them while you can. You never know when some hardcore agent with a similar shoe size will bust out an M-Squad badge. Fortunately, if you decide to make a run for it, the Fila M Squads have great traction, too.

Protect your favorite footwear with this overshoe from Tingley. Its flexible rubber keeps the elements at bay, while the treaded outsole encourages steady footing.	Stretch rubber overshoes for any dress or casual wardrobe.   Traditional tongue styling for full coverage and protection of the shoe   Extra traction for slippery surfaces   100% waterproof   Tear resistantShoe sold seperately.

Developed for that runner looking for a fast-pace trainer with added support. A synthetic/mesh upper adds lightweight comfort and support. An ACTEVA midsole features greater consistancy in cell size/lower density of cellular foam structure to increase resistance to compression set, Nlock midfoot support is designed to provide upper midfoot structure and enhanced support, a medial EVA post provides pronation control, ABZORB in the heel and ABZORD SBS in the forefoot add shock absorption. The solid rubber outsole delivers a lightweight cushioned ride.

Help protect your footwear investment with this Woodlore shoe tree. Made from cedar in a design that can be adjusted for length and toe width, it absorbs moisture naturally while keeping your shoe in the perfect shape.	Combining an overhang heel with an expandable split toe. This highly functional tree is the perfect fit for all styles of footwear. Brass plated steel hardware adds an elegant touch.

This stacking mesh shelf with fold-and-lock legs is perfectly sized to hold about 3 pairs of shoes in your closet. 22x12x6.6"

SoftWalk shoes meld style and comfort though inspired, classic designs and a unique, shock-absorbing footbed that minimizes pain and fatigue often suffered from extended hours of walking or standing. It's a perfect combination of style and comfort for a SoftWalk woman who isn't willing to compromise.

An original American classic, the Dr. Scholl's exercise sandal is perfect with so many outfits. It features an adjustable leather strap with a suede-lined padded backing for a comfortable fit. A gleaming metal slide buckle and polished rivet details add a touch of shine. The contoured wooden outsole has a specially designed raised toe grip that encourages calf and leg muscles to exercise just by walking. So, the more you wear them, the better your legs will look. And because the textured rubber outsole is slip-resistant, you can wear them just about anywhere with confidence. About Dr. Scholl's From the moment its iconic exercise sandals hit the shelves in 1968, Dr. Scholls has been a brand synonymous with comfortable footwear and healthy feet. Today, Dr. Scholls offers comfortable footwear in a variety of fashionable styles that range from casual to elegant to fun and funky. At the same time, Dr. Scholl's continues its tradition of utilizing the latest podiatric medicine and research to revolutionize the way Americans think of, and care for, their feet.	The Dr. Scholl's Original Tye Dye Wood Exercise Sandal is a true legend in footwear for its simple style and its legendary comfort.  Set in a leather upper in the classic one band slide sandal style, this Dr. Scholl's signature slide features a locking buckle for a precise, secure fit. The Original is the first sculptured wood sandal with a raised toe crest, which encourages a gripping action that helps shape the legs.    Look stylish and get fit with the Dr. Scholl's Original Tye Dye!

Keep cool in the hot and casual style of the Lonestar flip flop from Cobian. This look is the way to go with its layered leather upper,  textured rubber outsole, and leather-lined top-sole. For long hours relaxing poolside or perusing the beach, the Lonestar will be there to keep you comfortable and confident.	The Lonestar sandal by Cobian features a leather strap with a leather stripe down the center. A plaid tweed, fabric print lines the strap and a leather topsole with a stitched "C" in the arch completes the detailing.

The Rom was designed in 1960 and became a best-seller among the adidas shoes. Designed to be an all-around shoe for competition and training, indoors and in the field. A soft, durable Kangaroo leather upper with a die-cut EVA midsole for lightweight support. The outsole is made of Olympia formed rubber.

Ankle Fringe Boots. Warmth and comfort... do we need to even mention stylish? It's plain to see these babies are, as the younguns would say, "stylin'!" Fringed suede leather Boots, popular on the frontier, popular today. Warm, comfortable and look great with jeans or leathers. Only the best glove tanned leather is used. You can sleep easy knowing these beauts are quality! Inside is a 1/4" thick cushioned insole to soften each step. A 7" classic with 4-eyelet rawhide lacing. Crepe hardsole provides added durability and walking comfort. Weigh an airy 9 ozs. a piece. State Color and Full Size. Come in medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Boots like this at a price this low... these won't stick around. Stampede to your mouse to order ONLINE today! Ladies' Minnetonka Moccasin Ankle Fringe Boots

Whats better for a summer wardrobe than a great pair of slip-on sandals that you can put on as you're running out the door? These thongs from Sperry are shaped to fit the foot with ultimate comfort. The upper detailing is reminiscent of a classic boat shoe- setting these sandals apart from your standard flip-flop. The non-marking rubber sole is sturdy, and will hold up to your lifestyle, no matter how active it is. The full-grain leather upper is stain resistant, and the shoe features neoprene lining for added comfort.	Santa       Cruz Thongs...Superior Sandals!    This trendy thong sandal       includes contrast colored stitching, laced side details with logo metal eyelets,       and imprinted "Sperry Topsiders" logo detail. Shock absorbing midsole       maximizes under-foot comfort. Easy to care for and stain resistant.          Sperry     Top-Sider Mens Santa Cruz Thongs feature

The men's Gentry saddle oxford from Neil M. is produced to give you incredible comfort all day, on all surfaces, for all occasions. It features a leather covered polyurethane removable footbed that provides superior cushioning, plus a Poron insole that adds additional comfort to every step, while a gel impact dampener softens heel strike and attenuates impact. A leather and Drilex lining gives you breathable comfort all day long, and the durable latex outsole gives you a great grip anytime, anywhere.	The Neil M Gentry shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Stay on your feet longer in the Men's Wolverine Soft-Toe Slip Resistant Work Boots (6 in.). The hardy outsoles and tough full grain leather uppers hold up to the harsh work environments. The classic Goodyear welt construction offers flexibility without compromising durability.

Men's Thorogood 8" Waterproof Side-Zip Composite Safety Toe Boots... a Thorogood top-seller! These Waterproof Lace Up Boots by Thorogood will keep you dry, comfortable and protected for long days on the job

The classic look of Converse Chuck Taylor All Stars gets even cooler and easier with these limited edition kid-friendly versions.  Soft colorful canvas fabric upper in an old-school All Star Lo style, with rubber toe cap, stitching accents and All Star logo.  Easy-on three strap front with adjustable Velcro closures.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned insole.  Vulcanized midsole with stripe accent and textured toe bumper, flexible traction outsole.

cult 26011 wrd 5.0

rowdie black leather 75

cult 26011 wrd 5.5

fiestey black leather 100

Dressy tassels and a more flexible handsewn toe. Comfort doesn't have to cost you style. Florsheim Bramwell Loafers combine dressy tassels with flexible handsewn toe. More flexibility, no "puckering" and a better fit for your toes. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

sweater black fabric 65

sweater black fabric 60

Air mesh upper with CMEVA midsole with ID cell in heel and Evertrack outsole.

Change your shoe, change the game. Inspired by Tracy McGrady's slashing style, the adidas Team MAC 3 basketball shoe uses three response pods to give you traction and stability when you take it to the hole. Full-grain and synthetic leather upper adds comfort and durability. Synthetic material with fashionable surface structure. Welded 3-Stripes. Molded EVA insole delivers anatomical comfort. adiPRENE+ in the forefoot and Torsion System bar offer midfoot arch protection. CMEVA midsole provides lightweight cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 14.4 oz.

Your wardrobe will be reach new levels with this stunning with the Boyer wedge sandal from Kenzie. This pretty sandal has a smooth strappy leather upper, a flirty round open toe, and a feminine heel sling with an adjustable buckle closure for a wonderfully secure fit. It also features soft leather linings, a fully cushioned insole, a beautiful basket weave wedge, and a lightly textured outsole for a sassy solid step.	Kenzie Footwear lays love at your feet with its vintage collection of sophisticated heels, fabulous wedges, boots and bootiesall with artistic detailing that produces an immediate and emotional response that tugs at your heart-strings. Dainty touches, mixed and matched, embody the Kenzie spirit of rich, accidental chic. These "pretty pieces" depict your ever-changing moods and needs.

Men's Stacy Adams Madison Dress Boots. These professional styled Dress Boots are a great alternative to traditional dress shoes. And they'll keep your ankles warm during cold weather commutes to the office. Enjoy the comfort of their leather uppers and cushioned footbeds. Their leather soles are durable for years of wear. State Color and Size. Medium width. They're just a click away... order today! Men's Stacy Adams Madison Dress Boots

#562397  The first ever boot that can be customized to fit the weather, field and players style. Exchangeable chassis and studs sets create a boot unlike anything else on the field. UPPER

The classic Florida three-strap sandal delivers legendary Birkenstock comfort, with a contoured cork/latex footbed that molds to your feet for incredible comfort and distributes your body weight evenly over the foot for optimal support. Adjustable buckle straps across the top of the foot allow you to secure a perfect fit. A Birkibuc upper and suede-lined footbed provide smooth comfort and long-lasting wear.	Blue skies, a warm breeze and a pair of these stylish comfortable slides. Best enjoyed with sunsets and long walks by the beach.

These Boy's BearClaw Waterproof Outdoor Boot have 800 grams of Thinsulate Insulation and Full-grain brown leather trim and Mossy Oak Break-Up nylon.

Drift Cat Women's Shoes 301295

Think watershoe. On steroids. Need aggressive athletic marine footwear? Meet the Wave Extreme. Supports your feet, loaded with traction, impervious to water. More

HI-TEC Mens V-Lite Typhoon II Saddle Golf Shoes feature

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive hippo design is embroidered onto soft and durable sky blue canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create and snug fit for wiggly feet. The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside. Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Indigo design on sky blue canvas. Machine wash/dry. Gift packaging included. Imported. Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.

BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND!! This sneaker has a high wedge heel. So dress up! Suede Upper with Glitter Silver. Heel Height is 3.5".  Street Moda recommends ordering up 1/2 size.

clint sand suede 120

Elite Bowling Shoes - for Men and Women from beginner to professional. Step into comfort. Step up your performance. Step into Elite Bowling Shoes. 		We made Elite Bowling Shoes with one thing in mind, our Elite customer. These shoes have a universal slide sole with strong support to provide great performance for both right handed and left handed bowlers. We only use the finest grade materials to craft our shoes and we stand behind every pair with a two year warranty! Check around and see if anyone else in the industry is confident enough to make that claim. Join the Elite Bowling Family today and bowl worry free for at least two years - we guarantee it.	(Men's Style)

Open-cell mesh with lightweight rubber cupsole and non-slip gum rubber outsole.

A balanced slip-on that offers fit, comfort and cushioning. Mesh and synthetic leather upper provides lightweight, breathable support, uni-tongue construction adds improved flexibility with added comfort. Molded, removable Nitracel Engage sockliner offers personal fit with enhanced cushioning. Dual-density EVA medial posting increases stability. E.T.S. Cushioning Cartridge in rearfoot with Nitrogen and RIF foams brings cushioning, comfort and rebound.

MEN'S BEN SHERMAN COMPTON MEDIUM WIDTH LACE-UPS * UPPER--SUEDE/FABRIC * SOLE--RUBBER * MIDSOLE--SYNTHETIC * IMPORT **BROWN/BEIGE ONLY AVAILABLE IN 7 SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE ORIGINALLY-$65.00 NOW-

Five-eyelet split-toe blucher. Full leather lining, leather outsole, leather/rubber heel.

These suede and patent peep toe platform pumps are so classy you will look like you just walked off a page from a 50s fashion magazine. The Praize from Steve Madden offers a 3" covered heel on a " platform that's sure to add some spark to your strut.	Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.

A boot for the man's man that every woman desires, the W01195 boot is hard on style and hard-working to keep your foot safe and comforted during long hauls at work.	Keep your feet warm and dry when you're working in wet conditions with the Men's Wolverine Soft-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boots (8 in.). Equipped with thermal foam insulation and waterproof nubuck leather uppers, the Wolverine Men's Soft-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boots (8 in.) will keep your feet comfortable in the wettest conditions.

Rugged men don't stay indoors when the wintry weather rolls in, they step out in the UGG Beacon Boots for men. Built from genuine Twinface sheepskin and waterproof full grain leather, these boots are durable and dependable in wet or cold conditions. Lined with plush shearling and a removable, genuine sheepskin sockliner that naturally wicks moisture, the Beacon boot will surely keep your toes toasty all day long, no matter what's happening outside. The boot height is approximately 7 inches, so it's tall enough to keep your feet and ankles well-insulated, but it still hides well under your jeans. Floating rubber technology on the outsole provides lightweight and durable traction, as well as increased flexibility for comfortable walking. Stay warm on your feet in all winter conditions in the men's UGG Beacon Boots.

****This product will be available to ship in mid July.**** Whether you do it because they're cool or because they're RED, it's a good choice all around. The CONVERSE (PRODUCT) RED Ramones All Star Hi is a casual shoe with a worthy cause  buy a pair today and money goes to The Global Fund to fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. It's a great reason to invest in a great shoe. The CONVERSE (PRODUCT) RED Ramones All Star Hi features a distressed denim upper and a rubber outsole. 10% of the net wholesale price of this shoe will be paid to The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria (Geneva, Switzerland). No part of the purchase price is deductible under US law.

Classic soccer or tennis style oxford. Suede leather upper, rubber shell outsole with high sidewalls.

Mizuno Wave Technology and VS-1(TM) work in tandem to provide a cushioning foundation. Superior traction and flexibility. Air-mesh upper with gum rubber outsole. Weight 11.0 oz.

Keep your outdoor interests well-rounded with the Venice H2 sport sandal from KEEN. Providing exceptional traction on mixed terrain, this performance sandal includes an open strapping system made of washable polyester webbing for outstanding ventilation. A streamlined, grippy outsole features multi-directional lugs with razor siping for exceptional traction control on beaches to boardwalks.	Sized properly, the Keen Venice H2 is the only sandal you will need for warm weather outdoor activities. It's made with Keen's TH3 Outsole, a non-marking siped rubber sole developed for varied terrain surfaces. The TH3 is a hybrid sole in Keen's trailhead sandal technology, giving you the convenience of traction in situations involving both water and trail. One of the best features is a V-strap forefoot capture design that helps hold your foot in place throughout each step, minimizing the chances that your feet will slide and become irritated against a wet footbed. The fast-drying polyester webbing features an AEGIS Microbe Shield treated SBR lining that won't irate skin when wet. If you raft, sail, camp or fish around water during the hottest months of the year, Keen's Venice H2 is your outdoor sandal of the summer..

Own the trail in warm, WATERPROOF Rocky ATV Boots! SAVE BIG! Great for cold-weather riding. Waterproof, built to last and insulated with 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for superior warmth. Seems a change in style saves you whopping cash. Now that's a step in the right direction! Look

Embroidered stitch slide. Made in Italy.

Get the protection of a steel toe with the comfort and convenience of a slip-on. This full-grain, water-resistant black leather Nautilus shoe is ergonomically-designed. Lightweight but strong enough to keep your feet safe, this slip-on is perfect fit for work or home.	E-e-e-e-zy Protection. That's about all you have to know about Nautilus Steel Toe Slip-On Shoes N1630. How do these black beauties protect you? Let us count the ways

Keep your shoes looking shiny and new with the Woodlore Professional Style Cedar Shoe Valet with Starter Kit This shoe care kit has everything you need to keep your leather shoes looking their best! It comes with a large cedar storage box that holds two colors of carnauba wax, two cloth applicators and a 100% horsehair brush. Place your shoe on the built-in support that holds your shoe in the ideal position to shine it. Choose black or neutral shoe wax depending on the color of the shoe and apply with the cloth applicator or brush. This starter kit is great for anyone who wants to keep their shoes looking like new!

Light to medium motion control with added cushioning in forefoot and heel.   Illuminate mesh upper with Respond Foam in tongue, reflective detailing, Superknit moisture wicking materials on collar, tongue and sock. Personal Fit sockliner. TPU Guidance Control reinforcement in heel and midfoot, dual-density medial posting. Midsole Nitracel Engage pad at forefoot, E.T.S. cushioning cartridge in heel with Nitrogen and RIF foams. RYK Impact Foam at heel strike. Weight 10.5 oz.

Formerly known as the Taos, the Arroyo II combines all the best features of a trail shoe and a sandal. Open vents on the side of the waterproof leather upper provide maximum breathability, while the multi-directional lug outsole bites into varied terrain with determination. This hybrid design redefines outdoor footwear with performance you can count on.	The breathablity of a sandal with the support of a light hiker, the Keen Arroyo II for Men offers the best of both worlds. A waterproof, washable, leather upper holds your foot secure atop a removable metatomical footbed, offering the S3 Shock, Suspension, and Stability support system; reducing impact, shock and your chance of a twisted ankle.Keen's quick lace system allows for easy on-and-off while multi-directional lugs provide traction on both wet and dry surfaces, giving you the confidence to venture any where the trail takes you..

The Poway boot from Nine West is just about too beautiful for words. This all-season boot will carry you with class and sass from morning to night--now, THAT is the best recipe for the perfect boot. It features a soft and smooth leather upper with tonal stitching, a vampy pointed toe, and a full zipper closure for easy on and off accessibility.	Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.

MAXX New York is recognized for its unique, contemporary design, as well as its interpretation of colors and trends. The handbags are functional, stylish, and made in colors that match each season's ready-to-wear fashions, shoes, and accessories. Every MAXX New York collection uses quality Italian leathers and fabrics.

Let's face it, great styles never fade. Extremely popular in the '80s, the Samoa is back, featuring a tumbled leather upper with Geofit and gel pad sockliner, providing cushiony-soft comfort and support with every step. Distinctive Trefoil tread outsole offers excellent traction. Wt. 13.8 oz.

You might say that Warmbat has an obsession with comfort. From whisper-soft sheepskin leather to cloud-fluff fleece and Memory Foam footbeds to patented technology systems, Warmbat takes feet where they've never been before. Warmbat's insoles and exclusive Sheepskin Sizing System ensure that every foot finds the perfect fit. If a pair of shoes or boots is a little too wide or a little too long, wearers simply slide in the insoles and go. Warmbat calls it Walk and Wear Technology. The Warmbat boot was born in 1969 on the shores of Western Australia. During those early years, most of Warmbat's customers were surfers wanting to warm their feet on cold winter mornings. They bought the boots right out of the back of the company truck. Today, customers line up online and in fine stores around the globe, eager to slip their feet into Warmbat's complete line of fashion footwear for men and women  from sheepskin boots to fashion sneakers to sporty sandals to performance shoes to oh-so-comfortable slippers.

Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.	Warm, comfortable, waterproof and not Moon Boots. What else do you need in a winter boot?

205100SLG055 Features

Men's Florsheim Corbin Dress Slip-Ons. Slip into these classy Kicks

Made of soft, flexible leather, this Venetian-style Tucker loafer features a unique dual-tone coloring that sits handsomely beneath the drape of any style dress pant. Its smooth tongue sports cutout notches inset with elastic for an easy pull-on fit, while its fully padded sock liner and durable rubber outsole give it sneaker-style support for nine-to-five comfort.	Cole Haan Tucker VenetianCasually cool Venetian slipon in waxy pullup leather Sportinspired design and flexible construction Fully padded sockliner Cole Haan rubber outsole for durability and comfort

This lifter just won't quit. Demonia by Pleaser takes a simple riding-inspired upper and sets it atop a double platform for a major vertical boost. The chunky rubber sole definitely keeps you sure footed in this towering beauty.	Heel Height

Bring some of the class of those old-school pros to the court without missing out on modern comfort and support features with the adidas Promodel 2G men's basketball shoes. The classic style of the adidas Promodel 2G gives you a unique throwback look, and the adidas-patented design will provide your feet with a guiding, supportive structure and their insole cushioning will keep you comfy till the final buzzer. Yes, your feet will feel great, but more importantly you'll look good (isn't that what you play basketball for?).The adidas Promodel 2G's old-timey sensibility -- not to mention its shiny, shiny look -- will hopefully keep everyone's eyes on your feet when you miss that easy open court lay-up in overtime to lose the big game. Hey, nobody sad these shoes would make you good at basketball. Of course if you do have the game to back up your oh so pretty adidas Promodel 2G, that's just icing on the sweet shoe cake (Warning

Designed by Erik Ellington. Leather upper with ventilation mesh. Triple stitched rubber toe cap for durability. Full length EVA midsole with G2 heel cushion for impact absorption. Optional full lace protection flap. Double padded tongue and collar.    Free Active socks with purchase of any regular priced shoe.    *while supplies last

Keep your feet covered in stylish warmth with Skechers Unlimited lace up boots. This boot features a suede upper, fur trim, and a low, rubber heal. Wear this boot with a mini-skirt and opaque tights for a fantastically hip look.	Keep your the style hot in SKECHERS Grand Jams-Unlimited boot. Suede upper in a cool weather boot style with a lace up front and side half zipper.

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Brand and Style - SKECHERS CALIHermos Beach    Size - 8    Width - Medium (B, M)    Color - Olive    Material - Fabric Upper and Man Made Sole

Adidas Mens Tour Traxion Golf Shoes feature

Though Holly Dunlap's experience was in print and apparel design, her love for shoes made them the obvious choice for her own label. She named her brand HOLLYWOULD because she knew her main source of inspiration would come from the glamorous lifestyle of Hollywood, CA. Holly's first collection of all-American, sexy HOLLYWOULD shoes hit Bergdorf Goodman in Spring 2000, and is now sold in over 60 better boutiques and department stores worldwide.

2 large front pockets with Velcro closures make organizing easy; striped interior lining for a stylish accent. Made of 12-ounce cotton twill. Measures 16.25w x 11.75h x 5d.

A great look that goes a long way, Cole Haans buckle/tassel comboBuckle moc in handantiqued brushoff leather Genuine hand sewn on the last moccasin construction Fully leather lined Leather sole and stacked leather heel

Women's Eastland Opal Leather Clogs... walk the block in style and comfort! It's not every day that you come across a pair of Shoes that's unique, comfortable AND stylish! Rich leather uppers; Comfort unit polyurethane sole; Fully-lined with cushioned innersole; Airport-friendly nylon shank; Flexible stitch-to-sole Opanka Construction; Each is approx. 15 ozs. State Color, Width and Size. Order yours today! Please Note

Columbia's Tango Thongs for men feature soft, suede straps and in-sole linings, contoured foot-beds and rubber out-soles. Wear these sleekly designed thongs whenever you want to treat your well-deserving feet to superior style and comfort.	This durable leather sandal has a high traction Omni-Grip rubber sole and lightweight molded EVA midsole to keep you comfortable and stable during relaxing days in warm weather.Nubuck upper ,leather lining. Footbed contoured molded Polyair with Omni-FreshTM featuring SerdiaTM anti-odor treatment. MidsoleI

Never underestimate the power of a great shoe like this chic oxford from Zengara. Four eyelet lace up front with a lightly padded tongue and collar. Smooth lining, cushioned insole. Textured topsole, dress midsole and flat traction dress outsole. These handsome oxfords are perfect for work or play Smooth matte or buffalo leather upper in a dress oxford style, with a stitched apron style toe overlay, squared toe and side stitching and heel overlay details.

With everything you trust from Rainbow, the Hemp Double Layer is great for a summer day100 Natural Hemp Fiber Triple Glued Rainbow Trac Bottom Guaranteed for the life of the Sole With everything yo

Charming yet sophisticated, this leather mary jane-style shoe from John Fluevog blends contemporary with vintage flair. The Malibran's decorative stitching around the toe, criss-cross design straps, and 2.5-inch heel complement both skirts and pants, while the padded insole and treaded rubber bottom provide your feet with all-day comfort.	John and his longtime friend and ex-partner, Peter Fox, go waaaaay back. Before they founded Fox & Fluevog in 1970, they worked at Sheppard's, a venerable Vancouver shoe emporium, albeit a tad on the conventional side. As you can imagine, John and Peter felt a wee bit constrained, selling brogues all day to businessmen in suits and servicing only the occasional hipster. Then one day the miraculous happened, and it was followed by the inevitable

Leather upper, EVA midsole, rubber outsole.

Calvin Klein is a premier American designer and global brand leader responsible for creating everything from home goods to fashionable shoes and apparel. Known as "the supreme master of minimalism," Calvin Klein is one of the worlds most prestigious and luxurious brands, setting the tone of elegance and modern sophistication.	Modernize your look in these classic gladiator style Calvin Klein Daisy Crinkle Patent sandals.  Patent leather or metallic leather upper in a T-strap Roman sandal style with a round toe.  Soft leather toe thong post joins a V-cut embellished vamp.  A cupped padded heel and cushioned footbed with a flexible midsole.  Traction patterned outsole.  1/4 inch square heel.

The Reebok Velocity XC covered spike is designed for indoor/outdoor track and cross country. Synthetic and mesh upper adds comfort and breathability. IMEVA midsole offers cushioning and support. High abrasion multi-directional lug outsole provides durability and traction. Replaceable spikes. Wt. 6.2 oz.

Grasshoppers offers lightweight, flexible footwear from a premium line of casual comfort products in stylish and sophisticated silhouettes, to Lifestyle Classics with a preppy sport influence to go where you go. Grasshoppers celebrate a women's confidence, individuality and authentic lifestyle.

This big bold number features a navy blue hand-stenciled and hand-cut leather overlay over black suede. The lacy overlay is Tangos original design and each piece is painstakingly cutout by hand. The overlay is hand-woven through with metallic threads, beads and paillettes. A handmade leather flower applique adorns the front. The back is made from intricate floral design laser-cut metallic silver Napa leather. Dual metal chain straps are woven through with luxurious deep wine color velvet ribbon. The roomy interior features printed canvas cotton lining, a cell phone pocket, and a large zipper compartment. Features also include a covered magnetic snap closure and dual side zippers for easy access. Scallop trims on virtually every seam complete the details. Utterly versatile

What you stand for is more important than what you stand in. Fortunately, Kenneth Cole New York can help you with both. An American designer known for both his social conscious and a chic, urban aesthetic, Kenneth Cole translates what's hip and what's now to your life, to your closet. With a variety of styles, all with the distinctive Kenneth Cole flair, these shoes are sure to make a statement.

Smooth leather upper. Goodyear welt construction. Padded tongue & topline reduces pressure. Five eyed lace up.

The Reebok Xyro blends classic styling with a supple leather upper for great-looking style. Molded EVA midsole and sockliner provide comfort and cushioning. High-abrasion rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

This may be a flat but it's full on style. The luxe leather upper features a subtle exotic texture, while a cluster of metal beads adorn the vamp in the most alluring of ways. A rubber sole provides firm footing even though this fashion-forward flat will make you feel like you're floating on air.	The Calvin Klein Maxee shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in china.

Born in the early 90s from the inventive Mario Moretti Polegato, Geox has grown in Europe at an amazing rate with its clever solution to a widespread problem-- sweaty feet. Geox proudly creates a rubber-soled shoe that allows the foot to breathe. Their shoes are directed to health-conscious consumers, the innovative perforated rubber sole allows the foot to breathe while shielding it from outside moisture.

These cool slipper socks will keep your feet warm while you watch the big game! Acrylic/nylon blend. Fits Ladies shoe size 9-11.

Admiring glances will be bountiful when you wear the Eileen Fisher Many mid-calf boot. This versatile women's boot is crafted with a supple suede upper for rugged sophistication. A Poron footbed absorbs shock and moisture, while the Eileen Fisher Many slip-on boot rests atop a durable leather sole for lasting wear and reliable traction.

Offering the perfect blend of support and responsiveness in a performance running shoe, the Saucony Grid Tangent is perfect for race day or fast training days. Synthetic suede overlays provide lightweight, breathable support. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with i-Grid System. Molded TPU midfoot support bridge is designed to provide torsional rigidity. Stability Guide delivers support on impact while setting the foot up for a smooth transition through the gait cycle. HRC forefoot cushioning adds lightweight cushioning on toe-off. SRC Impact Zone offers shock attenuation. Wt. 9.8 oz.

Etienne Aigner has over 40 years experience in crafting footwear. Classic looks with modern touches of fashion blend together for elegant yet easy-to-wear shoes. Dressed-up or casual, Etienne Aigner is dedicated to providing some of the finest footwear for women who love shoes.	Neutral & fun, this shoe is lovely!

necessary objects, from the imagination and innovation of the young design staff, comes a hip and edgy line at truly affordable prices. necessary objects has it all from fabrics, denims and washed materials for Saturdays at the mall to hot patent totes to take to work to club bags for those warm evenings when she just wants to dance under the stars.

5.5" Heel Knee High "Liberty" Boots W/Zipper.

Clarks brings western styling to a super-soft clog with the Susa slip-on. The Susa offers a rich leather upper with intricate whip-stitch details, cushioned footbed, and rubber outsole -- not to mention the gentle lift of the heel.	Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.

sweater bon/bge fabric 110

Guide Gear Icebreaker Pac Boots. SAVE BIG! Look

Rockport, founded in 1971, is the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes. Rockport pioneered the relationship between performance and style that today's consumers have come to expect. We've run the New York City Marathon, climbed Mt. Kilimanjaro, and sailed around the world to show our consumers our enduring commitment to continued innovation.

The classic sporty look for summertime footwear. Fashionable and stylish, these 2-Strap Sandals will set off any casual look. Wear them with your favorite shorts and a basic t-shirt for easy, comfortable style. The full-grain leather upper is stain resistant and will stretch to fit your feet. Neoprene lining adds extra cushioning for a fit that will keep your feet feeling good. The EVA midsole is a mark of the high-quality details you will find in shoes from Sperry. A rubber sole adds durability and is non-marking. Don't you wish everything in your closet was this simple?	Strap in and step outdoors in the Santa Cruz 2-Strap sandal from Sperry. Oil tanned leather naturally resists moisture for versatility. Neoprene lines the interior with quick-dry abilities for in and around the water adaptation.

If comfort's an issue on the job site, lace into this LaCrosse work boot. It combines moisture managing Hyper-dri linings, four layers of Quad Comfort technology underfoot, and a supportive nylon shank.	WARNING

Perforated canvas upper with PU midsole/outsole.

A fun, colorful summer thong featuring multi colored glass floral beads.	Meet the Eastman brand. A collection of fun, colorful summer, thong sandals featuring multi colored glass floral beads.

A tote with zest! 12-ounce, 100% cotton twill, canvas bottom; outside pocket, contrast bottom and web handles. Lets you carry your necessities with a touch of style. Measures 14w x 14.5h x 5.5d.

Dickies Kettle Lace ups are chore ready! Sure to become your favorites, whether for the jobsite or casual jaunts. Stylish, "copper kettle" full-grain leather uppers; Padded collar / tongue; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Supportive rubber midsole; Cushioning insole; Oil-resistant EVA outsole for traction. Approx. 26 ozs.; State Width

Womens-specific spike for the female athlete who seeks a sleek shoe designed for speed. Ideal for short to middle distances and hurdlers. Women's-specific last enhances performance through fit. Internal Fit System allows custom forefoot fit and smooth air flow. EVA midsole provides heel and forefoot cushioning and support. Nylon spike plate increases durability and traction on all surfaces. Comes with 6mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Wt. 6.3 oz.

Leather upper with TPU stabilizer at heel counter. EVA midsole with ICON technology in the heel. Herringbone rubber outsole. Wt. 16.2 oz.

The most comfortable klog you will ever own! WOW Comfort construction features an anatomically contoured sole and footbed

Full-Grain Leather and durable nylon, Guaranteed Rocky(r) waterproof, 600g Thinsulate(r) Ultra insulation, Molded heel guard, Sport Utility Rubber Outsole for traction and stability

One step in the Key Note loafer from Kenneth Cole Reaction can possibly change everything. The sharp look is constructed with a combination leather upper, a handsome square toe, and dual-goring for easy on and off. It also features a lightly padded collar, leather linings, and a fully cushioned insole for a comfortable and confident step.	Follow your own sense of style with this unique Kenneth Cole Reaction loafer. Set in a smooth leather upper with accent stitching and twin goring at sides for easy on and off, the Kenneth Cole Reaction Keynote is designed in a tapered, square bicycle toe for a modern look. Soft leather lining and cushioned insole gives you extra comfort in this men's shoe. Textured rubber outsole provides optimal traction. Slip into the the style of the Kenneth Cole Reaction Keynote.

1 1/4 Inch Wingtip Mary Jane Shoe

6 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Silver Rivets.

Contrasting colors and textures create a casual oxford that's as comfortable as a slipper. The moc-inspired lacing and eyelets around the Solstice's padded collar add extra appeal to its genuine leather and breathable mesh upper incorporating contrast stitching for a classic oxford look. Fully lined and handsome, the Solstice's padded tongue and cushy insole will please your feet while its smart design pleases your eyes.	Bring out the nautical side in you with this Eastland boat shoe. The Eastland Solstice is set in a calfskin leather and breathable nylon mesh upper with a two-eyelet design. You'll be comfortable all day in this women's shoe with its padded collar and tongue as well as a cushioned insole. The rubber outsole of this Eastland shoe provides traction and durability for all your adventures. Hit the high seas in high style in the Eastland Solstice.

Smooth premium leather upper in a slip on chelsea style dress casual ankle boot. Squared toe, subtle stitching accents, and deep side elastic panels for easy slip on fit.  Cushioned insole and traction outsole.

Canvas & Nylon upper, Black leather toe & heel, Black rubber Panama" sole"

Triple-stitched toe-cap. Reno outsole provides exceptional traction. Perforated quarter panels. Suede/mesh or leather/mesh upper.

The Spring Step Josieis comfort at its best. This women's mule slipper features a footbed that ispre-formed according to the foot's natural anatomy, providing all daysupport and comfort. The special design of this Spring Step slipper's sole gives effective protection from the impact of walking. Nordic-inspired embroidering adds pretty accent at the vamp. Shuffle around the house after a long day on your feet in the Spring Step Josie.

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.

jumpp purple fabric 110

Tommy Bahama's O'Lei O'Lei flip-flops are delicately styled leather thong sandals that feature a silk flower embellishment on the vamp straps. Wear these adorable flip-slops when you want to add a little splash of stylish detail to your favorite casual ensembles.	100% Genuine Tommy Bahama Product!Soft nubuck thong blooms with flower accentStyle Name

The classic Florida three-strap sandal delivers legendary Birkenstock comfort, with a contoured cork/latex footbed that molds to your feet for incredible comfort and distributes your body weight evenly over the foot for optimal support.  Adjustable buckle straps across the top of the foot allow you to secure a perfect fit.  Leather uppers and suede-lined footbed provide smooth comfort and long-lasting wear.	A triple-strap sandal with fully adjustable straps for excellent fit, the Birkenstock Florida Nubuck Sandal for Women features a shock-absorbing EVA sole and the Birkenstock classic suede-lined cork/latex footbed, Soft footbed.		Soft footbed - A foam layer is inserted between the cork layer and the suede liner of the original Birkenstock footbed. Millions of microscopic air bubbles cushion your feet while providing moderate arch support.

This is the real deal. Cork, leather, a buckle or two

You'll love every minute of wearing Capezio's Daisy ballet shoe. The leather shoe features a lightly padded footbed, a split-suede sole for ultimate flexibility, and a pre-attached elastic strap keeps your foot snug and in place.	Constructed of high quality, lightweight, soft, durable leather. Full chrome tanned suede leather outsole for durability. Daisy print on hung cotton lining. Unisex no-print lining for black colorway. "This belongs to" satin ID tag. Bar-tacked elastic drawstring. 5/8" pre-attached one-sided plush elastic rolls with the foot and does not dig in. Wider fit, shaped on a generous women's last. Also available in child sizes. Begin with street shoe size.

Waterproof full grain leather - Keeps feet dry and comfortable. Georgia Waterproof System. Fully lined with high performance waterproof material. Solid brass zipper. Adjustable leather in-step strap. Nylon pull loop. Removable polyurethane orthotic insert. Beaded storm welt. Steel shank. Proprietary oil resistant X-10 outsole. Repairable Goodyear welt construction.

Easy Spirit's Traveltime features a sporty perforated mesh and leather upper, a molded rubber outsole and a lightly padded insole in a conveniently styled mule sneaker. Wear these cute and easy shoes when you're on the go and need some extra comfort and convenience.	Comfortable, lightweight fabric casualMicro stretch upper for a flexible fit and breathability Comfort padded insoleFlexible, nonskid sole provides sure footing

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	Oiled full-grain leather upper. Air mesh and mesh lining. Removable full-cushion footbed. Single density polyurethane midsole. Cement construction. Lightweight nylon shank fights fatigue. Steel toe rated ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 EH.

It's okay to stray from the beaten path with the Alabama oxford from Birkenstock. This amazingly comfortable and earthy shoe has a buttery leather upper, Birkenstock's signature suede lined footbed, four eyelet lace up closure, brushed metal hardware accents, and a textured flexible rubber outsole for traction on multiple surfaces. Make the Alabama a staple in your casual wardrobe.	An unlined leather lace-up, the upper of Birkenstock's Alabama shoe hides a comfortable clog with a cork insole

These slippers are the greatest, with 100% washable fleece sheepskin surrounding the entire foot. They come with a very pliable synthetic rubber indoor/outdoor sole. Turned up, they double as a warm and comfortable short boot, ideal for the quick morning trip to the corner grocery or just to take out the trash. These slippers feature our exclusive removable and replaceable insoles that can be washed separately

#1012541  The v Kon Boot from Puma   Ultimate Kontrol and Kontact

Josef Seibel was founded in Germany in 1886 by Karl-August Seibel. Specializing in premium handsewn products that promote flexibility and comfort, Josef Seibel shoes use only the best premium full-grain leathers, Air Massage and Air Ped insoles and a flexible polyeurethane outsole. Their unique construction is known world-wide.	Josef Seibel Demi

The Dayton oxford from Stacy Adams delivers classic appeal to work attire and beyond. The leather upper features perforations in all of the right places, while breathable leather linings and a padded leather insole deliver comfort.	Men's Stacy Adams Patent Leather Dayton Spectator Wing-Tips. After you slip on that zoot suit... reach for your pair of Classic Wing Tips with soft patent leather uppers. They have a durable synthetic sole and a custom rubber heel. State Color and Size. Medium width. Order yours today! Please Note

Slim straps huarache-style make this reinvention from MIA Limited smokin' hot! Ready to party hop all season long, the Cocktail pump exudes a sassy summery vibe with its D'Orsay styling and open toe, and the sky-high height is sure to keep things interesting.	Ultra smooth leather and straps adorn the uppers of this chic cocktail pump from MIA Limited Edition. A four-inch heel, one-inch platform and pointed toe complete the bold, sophisticated style of this shoe.

Wow, this sandal sure is adorable! Your little flower will be so sweet and cute when wearing the Jill Blossom sandal from ECCO, she'll melt your heart at first glance. A soft nubuck upper with vibrant embroidery, dual adjustable straps, and a padded collar will wrap her playful little feet in comfort and safety. Watch her hop and skip around in happiness and be assured that the generously cushioned insole and high abrasion rubber outsole will protect her in more ways than just one.	ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.

Recommended by five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Women's specific fit, full-length SpEVA midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Comes with 9mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Wt. 7.3 oz.

CHINESE LAUNDRY OJAI * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--RUBBER* MIDSOLE--TEXON** * 3.5" HEEL HEIGHT* IMPORT * THIS ITEM IS WEB EXCLUSIVE AND IS NOT AVAILABLE IN OUR STORES SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $60.00NOW -

#720061

Reebok Time and a Half Walkers get you moving and keep you moving for LESS! Stride with pride when you buy from us! Reebok's tradition of excellence is evident in every stitch of these topnotch walking shoes. Superior support, grade-A materials and industry-leading construction all help propel you toward your fitness goals in style and comfort. Walk the walk

Slip Lasted ConstructionFull Grain Leather/Pigskin Leather UpperSoft Mesh LiningPigskin Heel LiningElastic Stretch Bands4.5mm Anatomical Antimicrobial Cita-XY Aegis Foam Padded FootbedCompression Molded EVA Wedge with Integrated Air Cushion MidsoleQ-Form Triple Density Compression Molded EVA FootbedMerrell Pacific Sole/Sticky Rubber

Rockport Alkens are a feathery 10 ozs. apiece. 56% OFF! Light on price, too! Seems an inspector labeled these Shoes as "B" grades, because they didn't quite measure up. But in no way does it affect wear or performance. Only the low discount price of $50.00 off! Stylish full-grain leather uppers; Cushioning blown rubber outsole delivers traction; Removable, nylon-lined and padded Comfort DMX insole for comfort; Leather lined for added pampering; Padded tongue, collar; Cap toe; Each weighs approx. 10 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Get yours today! Men's "B-Grade" Rockport Alkens, Black

You'll cover more miles every day because this lightweight ULTRA-WALKER will add comfort to your walking experience  Leather upper  Multi-layered CUSH-N-EEZ construction provides shock absorption and stability  FOOTONIC II contoured, cushioned insert is removable  BLUE ENERGY high-tech, shock-absorbing layer  Lightweight EVA-TECH microcellular cushion sole  Leather quarter lining  Breathable cambrelle vamp lining  Padded collar

Founded by the Magli family in 1936 in Bologna Italy, Bruno Magli shoes and accessories are elegant designs of high quality craftsmanship, offering a sense of style and prestige to a sophisticated and fashion conscious consumer. Bruno Magli footwear is handcrafted from the finest leathers available, for a luxurious and stylish look while delivering extraordinary comfort. With a dedication to the extensive Italian design tradition, Bruno Magli has been handcrafting footwear and accessories in Italy for over 69 years. The result is one of the most respected, innovative, sophisticated, contemporary and distinctive lines in the fashion world today.

opas brown leather 80

Butter soft leather upper with a sleek design. Inner sole cushion with a 1" basic heel. Sueded ballroom sole for non slip slide and flexibility. A great shoe for Latin, Salsa or any type of dancing.Sizing note

Chooka boots and slippers are the new old favorites that you will reach for time and again. Function, fashion and comfort all meet right on your feet with every pair of Chooka boots.

Ladies Flesh Satin Latin Sandal. Available in 2.2 inch and 2 3/4 inch heel. THIS IS FOR A 2.2" Heel

Synthetic/mesh upper. ACTEVA midsole with ABZORB in heel and ABZORB in full forefoot footbed, Stability Web. Blown rubber outsole. Weight 12.8 oz.

Satisfy your inner cowgirl in this great western boot from Ariat. The high-quality leather upper is easy to pull on and features a beautifully stitched pattern. The rounded toe creates a laid-back silhouette, while the rubber outsole delivers durability.	A trend-right update to our womens Heritage Western R-Toe collection

The Etonic Pro Health Walker provides all the comfort and support you need to walk your way to better health. A portion of the sales from the Pro Health Walker go directly to the American Diabetes Association to help fund research for the prevention and cure of diabetes. The Pro Health Walker features a supportive leather upper with EVA midsole for cushioning and comfort. Abrasion-resistant EVA outsole provides superior traction on a variety of surfaces.

Natural Comfort - Fashion Forward Footwear that Feels Good!!!! Girls today no longer have to sacrifice comfort for fashion! Originally founded in the early 1970's, Natural Comfort has been resurrected with one of it's founding designers creating hip shoes with comfort for today. Using a mix of original designs, from more than 3 decades ago, and today's shoe making technologies, Natural Comfort has relaunched itself into the 21st Century, creating one of the freshest "new again" shoe collections in the market. Natural Comfort was always known for hot styles, are also known for being extremely comfortable. With the incorporation of a cushy foam insole, that retains it's shape, into all of their shoes, they have created the perfect marriage between styling and comfort. Now girls can walk tall, look hot, and feel good doing it...

Its all in the name

coyl black paris 65

coyl black paris 60

The men's slip-on from Giorgio Brutini is a hand-pleated vamp with center gore in kid skin upper. It features a genuine leather sole and a rounded, pitched Cuban heel to turn up the heat day or night.	Slip-on loafer put onto a boot heel gives this shoe a fashionable look. Beautiful, durable leather uppers. All leather lining and cushioned leather insoles for quality and comfort.

#662093  Play like a Professional in the Profi Boot by adidas!

Woven recycled sari bucket style purse. Extra long wide strap, snap closure. 12.5" x 12".

Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giving your foot support where it is needed, more cushy comfort where it counts and more room where your foot's moving parts need freedom when walking. The result has to be tried to be believed! Shouldn't you be wearing the world's best walking shoes?	Men's Propet Saratoga Walker. In wide sizes too! A classic look dressy enough for many offices, yet as comfortable as your favorite athletic shoes

This Instep Boot and Glove Dryer isn't full of hot air, but it will dry your boots quickly and quietly! SAVE BIG! It's silent. So while your boots are drying, you're not being disturbed by loud fans. It doesn't blow warm air, it operates by heating the intake air and through the convection principle... warm air rises, cool air drops... circulates the air within your boots or gloves. It dries any boots or gloves safely because the heated air rises slowly to prevent cracking. Convenient tray catches any drips. Illuminated on / off switch. Ideal for work boots, ski boots, ice skates, snow boots, gloves, the list goes on and on. Order today to get yours! Instep Boot and Glove Dryer

Named after generations of Mizrahi family leading ladies, Perlina was released to the public in the fall of 1989. Endeavoring to fill the niche between high-end designer and low-priced mass-manufactured goods, the brothers constructed a utility-inspired collection made up of simple and functional styles, crafted in what is still recognized today as one of the softest leathers in the business. Before they knew it they were in the wholesale business, and Perlina was a brand to be reckoned with.

What can we say about this lace up dress shoe from Bostonian?  The classic look is sure to please.  This shoe is great if you are conservative by nature or if you have to be - in the office or at a particular event.  The beauty is that there is nothing overstated about this look!

Keep your son comfortable in a dress shoe with classic design lines and sturdy laces to keep feet secure and snug. The extended counter helps prevent stumbling, and the high-density outsole will stand up to the worst punishment he can deal out.	Deer Stags shoes have been sold in the United States since 1929. Known for our fully slip-lasted construction and comfort features, Deer Stags has become a top-selling brand in the dress casual category for national chains. According to NPD Fashionworld, our Times lace-up is the #1 selling dress casual shoe in the national chain sector.

Command the room in the MacNeil Wingtip Oxford. Constructed in shell cordovan leather and outfitted with a full leather lining, this Allen Edmonds classic exudes confidence. The double oak leather outsole delivers longer wear and durability.	An Allen Edmonds trademark, the 'MacNeil' wingtip captures the essence of this venerable company. The traditional five-eyelet oxford design is enhanced by handsome elongated wingtips, generous perforated trim, and the swirl of toe medallions. Plus, the 'MacNeil' features the craftsmanship details that make Allen Edmonds famous

Patent leather upper with airbrushed fade. Removable sockliner made with the latest in cushion comfort technologies, enhancing feel and performance. CMEVA midsole with embedded midfoot shank for added stability. Solid rubber outsole. Wt. 14.0 oz.

Whether you're looking for a hiking boot, a work shoe, or both, this Nautilus is a match for you. This hiker's ergonomically-designed composite safety toe cap is lighter than traditional steel toes. With full-grain, water-resistant nubuck leather, this slip-resistant lace-up is combines a sporty look with a classic Oxford.	Full-Grain, Water Resistant Nubuck Leather Upper. Ergolite Composite Toe Technology. Ergonomically Designed "Wide Area" Composite Toe Cap. Removable Anti-Fatigue Polyurethane Insole. EVA Midsole for Maximum Comfort. Highly Durable, Slip- and Oil-Resistant Stabilizer Outsole. No Exposed Metal to Meet Scratch Resistant Workplace Requirement. Meets or Exceeds ASTM 2413-05 Impact/Compression and SD Ratings.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	Steve Madden's western boots are in the style Sadddle in brown leather.  These western style boots feature a square toe, contrast stitching on foot and measure 13 3/4 inches from floor to top of boot.

Harness a little attitude for your next ride at a DISCOUNT PRICE! Looking to kick a little on the rebellious side? These Harness Boots feature a nickel rings and rivets and square toe attitude. As at home on a horse as they are on a bike and built with all the quality and construction details that have made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Details

112844YLW30 Features

Sandro Moscoloni has been making fine handcrafted footwear for over thirty years, and the commitment to quality and style is the utmost goal. After many years of intense research and product testing, Sandro Moscoloni created the anatomic gel construction -- it has now been over five years and the true test of their success has been proven in the marketplace with an overwhelmingly positive response from customers. They hear almost daily that they have created "the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn." In combining the natural leather uppers, sheepskin linings, cushioned insoles, and the exclusive Anatomic Gel Construction, Sandro Moscoloni has developed the ultimate comfort shoe. Product research and creativity continue to evolve, and they offer many different patterns and exclusive designs giving today's discerning consumer the feel and look they desire.	Stylish loafer with contrast stitch detail. Leather upper. Cushioned insole provides all day comfort. Durable and flexible outsole.

Women's Propet Europa Walkers. Click images to enlarge... Black Bone Brown White Great look, great feel, great price. Get comfortable Sandals this season

A perfect match for the strong-willed woman who's always digging her heels in, the Carolina steel toe 4 X 4 women's leather work boots balance function, comfort, and safety without compromising a thing. Their sturdy leather upper and heavy-duty rubber outsole provide the support and durability you expect from a solid work boot with added steel toe security and comfy and practical footbed cushioning. Whether you wear them on the jobsite, on a hike, or in the mall, the Carolina steel toe 4 X 4 women's leather work boots are a smart choice that will provide long-lasting rewards. These high-quality leather, hiking-styled boots will give you the protection you deserve without sacrificing support or comfort. You never compromise or settle for less; your feet shouldn't have to, either.

Nautica Footwear - classic American, nautically inspired design that is both functional and timeless casual fashion.

Liven up your sporty look with the Italia 74. Brought to you by the genius that is adidas, this lace-up is a modern update of the indoor athletic shoe used in the 1960 Olympic Games in Rome. Va bene! An EVA midsole delivers enviable shock absorption, while the full leather upper and suede toe bumper provide flexible support and ample foot protection. A durable blown rubber outsole completes the package for all-conditions traction.	The adidas Italia was first introduced in 1959 as a all-around indoor shoe for athletes, coaches and instructors; it was the most-worn shoe at the 1960 Olympic Games in Rome. This update, the adidas Italia '74, features a full-leather upper with a suede toe bumper, EVA midsole and a blown rubber outsole.

An extra-tall 14-inch shaft and a smooth manmade leather upper make Tribeca's Smooth Talkers the versatile and sexy boot of the season. The Smooth Talker also features a full-size zip for easy on and off and a striking 3.25-inch heel. Take them out with your favorite crop trousers for a chic and current look.	Tribeca, A Kenneth Cole Production. A line that gives the fashion forward customer a chance to express herself.  Up to the minute fashion silhouettes, that covers sandals, platforms, boots, denim friendly heels and evening makers.  Don't be afraid to let the shoe help tell the story.

KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.	New Style for Fall/Winter 2006! Be one of the first to carry this Sizzlin Hot Bag!

Ollie, kick-flip, and freestyle to your skater heart's content in this sneaker from C1RCA. The plush suede upper features reinforced layering materials, while the cushioned insole provides extra comfort and support and the soft fabric lining is breathable. The rubber outsole is treaded for improved traction and grip on the board.	C1Rca - 50 Womens Select Womens Shoe In Pewter/Oxblood

The Saucony Grid Trigon 3 Ride running shoe has a breathable air mesh and supportive synthetic upper. The premium sockliner improves step-in comfort and cushioning. A CMEVA midsole gives responsive cushioning and shock attenuation. HRC XTRA forefoot cushioning system provides smooth toe-off. XT-900/b/c R outsole with flex grooves. Wt. 11.6 oz.

Men's Sebago Knockabout Boat Shoes Knock-a-round in these slip-on Boat Shoes. These Sebago Knockabout Boat Shoes boast genuine moccasin construction with a single piece of unlined leather that creates a custom fit as it's worn. More details

Your feet will appreciate the versatility and comfort of the Newport slip-on from Eastland. Designed for everyday wear, the Newport features a 1 inch heel, and quality leather uppers stitched directly to the outsole for superior flexibility and comfort. Dual side goring and a padded collar ensure a cozy fit. The removable footbed is cushioned for shock absorption and all day wear, while the polyurethane outsole gives you lightweight durability.	Women's Eastland Newport Slip-On Leather Oxfords... totally casual and comfortable! These Shoes are just about perfect for casual dress days or as everyday footwear! I care about finding you high-quality deals and these Shoes are just the kind of value you expect at the Sportsman's Guide, and backed (of course) by my 100% satisfaction guarantee! Twin elastic gore on the leather uppers lets you slip them on and off with ease; Comfort unit sole is lightweight and flexible; Fully lined with cushioned innersole; Padded collar for extra comfort; Each is approx. 4" h., 17 ozs. State Color, Width and Size. Order yours today! Please Note

The Reebok Total Control Pro FG soccer shoe's Launch Control TPU blade stud outsole offers comfort, stud dispersion and traction on firm/hard surfaces. Kangaroo leather upper adds excellent ball touch and durability. One piece side lacing provides glove-like fit and increased ball strike area. Minimal foldover tongue. Molded sockliner with PU inserts in heel and forefoot. Made in Europe. Wt. 9.4 oz.

One piece slide with perforated upper for breathable comfort. Injected phylon midsole with eVA heel piece for additional comfort. Injected phylon outsole. WeIGHT

3" Gogo Boots W/Zipper.

The Kidorable Fireman Rain Boot-For indoor play or outdoor fun, these boots are sure to make a splash!	More than just a pair of boots, these playful puddle magnets make a fantastic gift for any little puddle jumper. Made of natural rubber, these boots are guaranteed to be the cutest boots in the neighborhood. With bright colors and whimsical designs, these rain boots are sure to turn those dreary rainy days into anticipated opportunities for your little one to sport his or her favorite pair of shoes. Available in a wide range of sizes from My First to children's sizes to young adult sizes.	Kidorable rain gear makes an excellent gift for stylish year round protection from the elements!

Armband

Give your little one the gift of Italian style and craftsmanship. The Disruptor II sneaker features a filabuck and leather upper with a perforated toe to keep little toes cool and perspiration-free. Tongue and heel pull-on tabs make for easy entry and exit, and full laces offer an easily adjustable fit. A grippy rubber outsole delivers cushioning and sure-stepped traction.	Disruptor II Tennis Shoes. Leather - Synthetic. New twist on an old favorite, the Disruptor II features a great looking and feeling upper for comfort and durability.

Comfortable and classic, these shoes will not only put a smile on their face- they?ll smile back.   Why Komfort Kidz? Our shoes are made from the softest leather and will gently cradle your child's foot. The rubber sole is designed to flex with each step your child takes. This is so important for growing feet. The rubber sole also provides protection, as it is a non-slip sole. Great for busy toddlers! Pediatricians recommend that children under two years of age go barefoot or when unable to that they wear lightweight flexible shoes. Every shoe that Komfort Kidz sells meets these standards for these early developing years and beyond. Don't settle for anything less than comfort when it comes to your child's shoes.

Features

Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Maybe your father wore loafers, and maybe your grandfather too, butthey sure didn't wear any like this. Updated styling gives the Bostonian Danvers a completely new look. These handsome, sophisticated men's dress loafers from Bostonian's Luxe collection have smooth, refined style. Shiny leather folds into an elegant kiltie detail with classy tassel accents to accentuate formal engagements with this Bostonian dress loafer. Ensure comfort for what the evening holds in store with the Bostonian Danvers!

WORX by Red Wing 5535, 6" Steel Toe EH Boots protect your feet while you're focused on other things! Work hard all day without giving a second thought to your footwear. With WORX 5535 your feet are well protected and supported. Excellent protection against electrical hazards, oil, gas, chemicals and abrasions. Incredible traction. Comfort on concrete. Discover the legendary quality and durability of WORX

The slip-on from Giorgio Brutini is a classic pump in genuine snake skin on durable man-made sole. So update your basic dress loafers with stunning shoes like these and make a fashion statement for night or day.	150630-RED-075-M Color

Trend-right and contemporary styling makes footwear by h y p e the right choice. This line is smart in detailing and direction, but it never sacrifices quality.

A flipflop with support features usually reserved for much more substantial footwear, the Chaco Flip thong cradles the foot for allday comfort. You still get the relaxed, airy feel of a flipflop but instead of a flat slab of unsupportive rubber underfoot, you get the Chaco Flip's BioCentric polyurethane footbed to encourage a biomechanically correct stride. The flexible polyurethane is lighter than previous versions and offers greater durability than the EVA used on competitive products. For superior traction poolside or atop a boulder, the Chaco Flip thong boasts a nonmarking Vibram outsole, yet another feature that sets it apart from the crowded flipflop market.

Full-grain leather upper with shell toe, injection-molded sculpted EVA midsole, Torsion System. High traction, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole.

Our popular military specification, Air Force style sunglasses, are made to the highest quality standards. They come with their own handy storage case which is also included. The Military specifications are printed right on the storage case. Available lens colors are

The Danner Light II boot was made for any adventurous outdoorsman. Its lugged sole and wide platform gives you maximum stability and steady stepping, and the abrasion-resistant leather will keep it in good shape.	These are the men's 33000 Danner Light II full-grain brown leather with superior breathability and abrasion protection. They are made in the USA and have a 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining for ultimate, breathable comfort. These also have Danner's hand-crafted stitchdown construction which increases its durability and stability. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole guarantees traction, stability, and superior shock absorbtion.

The DT300 thong from Island Slipper will be your foolproof casual summer wardrobe staple. This stylish-chic thong has a padded smooth leather upper with tonal stitching, a cozy suede-lined contoured footbed for long-lasting comfort, a lightweight durable rubber midsole, and a textured outsole for a solid slip-resistant step. Go cool and breezy all season with the DT300! Made in Hawaii.	Send your feet to paradise in the island-made Island Hawaii Women's Island Thong Sandal! Handmade by one of Hawaii's only remaining original sandal makers, this thong sandal is so comfortable and lightweight, you'll forget you're wearing it at all. The durable sole and long-lasting footbed ensure the bottom of your foot remains well protected. The comfort contoured footbed forms to the heel and arch, and the cushioned midsection provides shock absorption and flexibility. A sophisticated flip-flop with a full-grain leather upper and a slip-resistant polyurethane outsole.

Make your little sea captain's day with the 3-D sandal from Sanuk. The super-flexible sole and padded, fabric-backed strap will help him navigate easily through surf and sand, and he'll think the characters across it "arrrrgh" way cool.	Sanuk was started by surfers in southern California in the late '90s who were looking for footwear that reflected their lighthearted way of life. Founder Jeff Kelley was disappointed to see little selection in a category of footwear that had become his main shoe staple

Find out for yourself what soccer players have known for years

Thick rubber slaps feature a cushy footbed and a durable rubber strap. These are Brazilian produced goods and the US sizes molded into the soles are incorrect. The sizes we state are the sizes that correctly correspond to the

The Dylan dress shoe makes your son look smart with its stylish decorative metal bar and the classic tones of black or brown leather. The removable insole is easy to clean and helps support his growing feet.	Deer Stags shoes have been sold in the United States since 1929. Known for our fully slip-lasted construction and comfort features, Deer Stags has become a top-selling brand in the dress casual category for national chains. According to NPD Fashionworld, our Times lace-up is the #1 selling dress casual shoe in the national chain sector.

Bring on the glitz with this square mesh handbag from Whiting and Davis. A slender, removable snake chain with ample drop suspends this glamorous handbag whose textures beg to be touched. A gold-brushed zipper pull displays the Whiting and Davis logo while a smooth fabric interior looks and feels good. This handbag looks great with elegant attire or even casual wear.	This cute fun metal mesh crossbody bag is ideal for hands-free drinking and dancing.

Our Woodland camo neoprene rubber water shoes. The shoes features sure grip rubber sole, and a sturdy black mesh lining for a comfortable fit.

Add Flourish to your warmer weather outfits with this sandal from Carlos by Carlos Santana. The smooth thong straps feature an oversized, studded flower detail for a cute accent to an otherwise grown-up look. Pair this easy-to-wear sandal with shorts and skirts for casual appeal.	The Carlos Santana Flourish sandals feature a synthetic upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

The casual styling and quality craftsmanship of the Wilbert Oxford will never let you down. Featuring a burnished leather finish, cushioned insole, and grip-craving rubber outsole, youll be comfortable in these handsome shoes all weekend long.	*Wilburt* by Allen Edmonds. Casual, five-eyelet Blucher-style is designed with an overlay plug and contrast stitching. Finished in a full leather lining, with a leather-wrapped insole and a rubber sole.

duke black pulsar 60

duke black pulsar 65

101440GRY445 Features

rowdie black leather 100

#464314  Absolute Control   Absolute Comfort   Get the +Absolado Firm Ground Boot with Traxion from adidas

The New Balance BB8025 Zip is an aggressively styled mid-cut performance basketball shoe. NB Zip heel adds responsive cushioning technology that is supported by strategically located shock absorbing struts. Fully adjustable and/or removable support strap offers an ideal fit. ABZORB SBS forefoot is designed to provide optimal shock absorption and no compression set. LIGHTNING DRY moisture management system. TPU reinforced heel counter provides lateral support. Sticky rubber outsole offers optimal traction. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Put 'em to the test! Hy-Test Steel Toe Lacer Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Here are hard-line Work Boots, ready to work hard while easy-going on your feet! Solid, stable and comfortable... in hard-to-find extra-wide width. A discontinued style means you save BIG! Full-grain leather uppers, comfortable and long-lasting tough; Oil and slip-resistant, dual-density rubber outsole, loaded with cushioning and grip; ANSI 75 rated steel toe protection; Removable, cushioning EVA insole; Unlined, for cool, natural breathability; Stable, repairable Goodyear welt construction; Removable kiltie; Rear pull-on loops; Each approx. 8 1/2"h., 30 ozs. State Size. Extra-wide width. Don't miss out on this bargain... get yours now! Men's Hy-Test Steel Toe Lacer Boots, Black

Laid back, fun and full of edgy, urban appeal, the Fry-Day slide from Kenneth Cole New York is destined to be this season's most versatile sandal. Made with buttery vachetta leather and featuring an eye-catching interlocking strap design and comfortable kitten heel, these slides pair beautifully with both work and casual clothes. As comfortable as it is fashionable, the Fry-Day also has a cushioned leather topped footbed to help keep you light on your feet.	Alluring cutouts in a high-quality leather upper, the Kenneth Cole Reaction Soley U Women's slingback platform wedge sandal will be sure to spice up any outfit. This women's sleek peep toe silhouette features patent or lizard-embossed leather with an adjustable buckle and leather wrapped wedge heel. A cushioned footbed gives enough comfort and support to carry this shoe from work to an evening out. The missing piece to any women's wardrobe - the Kenneth Cole Reaction Soley U!

Unique 'off-the-shelf' shoes mold dynamically to your feet, reducing pressure points, for customized comfort and protection. This Lace Oxford is recommended by foot health professionals for diabetes, arthritis, and/or toe pain. Other features include - Plastazote /polyurethane removable orthotic - Hidden-Depth rocker bottom sole with raised sidewalls reduces stress to ball-of-foot - High, wide toe box helps protect foot from injury - Firm heel counter provides tremendous rearfoot stability - Straight last design ensures proper fit for all foot types - 1/2 inch total removable depth - Polyurethane outsole absorbs shock forces - Often recommended for bunions, hammertoes, foot pain etc.

The inspiration for T-MAC III was the man himself. Tracy McGrady's shoe reflects who he is as a person and who he is as a player; a smooth exterior with explosive on-court drive. His latest signature shoe is designed for optimal cushioning upon heavy landing. Made from the finest materials, the T-MAC III features full-grain leather, stretchable mesh, and an inner bootie construction so it sits snugly around the foot, providing comfort like a second sock. An OrthoLite antimicrobial moisture wicking sock-liner is the best way to battle foot heat for the full 48 minutes. Internal midsole construction with adiPRENE+ and an integrated 3D Torsion system and a non-marking rubber outsole make this a core baller's shoe. Weight 16.4 oz.

A time will come when you are faced with a challenge. You could spend your energy finding a way to quietly walk away from it, or face it head on, give it every inch of your being, succeed and walk away proud.  Dominate your ground.	LaCrosse Iceman Boots revolutionized pacs a few seasons back... and they're still kicking cold's butt! Delivering true comfort and warmth down to a toe-numbing minus 80 degree! Grab yourself a pair and see why sportsmen the world over look to the Iceman Boot to see them through wintery thick and thin. The Man

* Venerable style gets an infusion of sex appeal with a T-strap and open toe.	 * Leather or patent leather uppers.	 * Scalloped and stitch detail.	 * Adjustable quarter strap.	 * Padded footbed.	 * Stacked heel and platform.	 * Synthetic sole.

The Florsheim Noble oxford is a staple for any professional's wardrobe. In this classic style, you'll stay comfortable throughout the work day with a fully cushioned removable footbed and a distinctive Softred system featuring an cooling air flow zone and an impact zone to reduce leg and back fatigue. This oxford is also airport-friendly and will save you the hassle of removing your shoes when passing through airport security.	An Oxford so comfortable, your feet will never believe they're in dress shoes. If you spend all day on your feet, this is your dress shoe. Florsheim Noble Shoes pack the exclusive Soft Red system. The toe-off zone gives a cushioned spring to your step, while the weight-transfer zone eases walking stress. Soft Red also guarantees excellent air circulation to keep feet cool and dry... less swelling, less aching at the end of the day! All made with Florsheim's 115-year heritage of superior craftsmanship and quality. Here's the details

The Rocky Western 2723 features full-grain waterproof leather with a leather lining and a standard round toe and welt construction. Rocky Western's Original Ride footbed features a unique two-part, high-cushioned system enhances shock absorption, flexibility and comfort.

Stuart Weitzman has built a reputation for its creative use of unique materials in footwear and accessories and for its attention to quality. Stuart Weitzman has earned accolades from both the design world and legions of diverse fans, including some of the top celebrities across the globe. His shoes and accessories are a familiar sight at events like the Oscars and the Emmys.	Stuart Weitzman *Penelope* satin high heel sandals. Buckle and Rhinestone embellished. decorative strap detail. Open toe design. Covered heel. Leather sole. E-Z Returns. All orders include a prepaid return shipping label.

coyl white paris 60

coyl white paris 65

You will be geared to go in the Nike Shox Qualify Men's Running Shoe, an ultra-lightweight design with the cushioning you will need for a nice long run. Metallic Silver / Varsity Royal Blue - White - Anthracite

Cool convertibles! Mecca Casuals, SALE SAVINGS! Take a stylish step beyond the ordinary! These premium Shoes lead a double life... the 7-eyelet lacing upper is removable, leaving a low slip-on with elastic gored panels for a sure fit. A Close-Out saves you cash. Uppers are supple full-grain leather; Rubber outsole; Removable thick, mesh-lined blown rubber insole cushioning; Leather lined luxury; Something very new... a rear magnetic clip that can hook over pants to keep 'em down; Approx. 6" h. and weighs just 14 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Get this hip bargain on sale! Order ONLINE Today! Men's Mecca Leather Casuals, British Tan

Treat yourself to something special with this slipper from Tamarac by Slippers International. This slip-on has a soft fabric upper, warm and cozy linings, and a rubber outsole for light outdoor wear.	Easy-to-slip-on twin-gore slipper is constructed of lightweight Eurelle fabric, which has many of the properties of wool including softness, durability and breathability  Lightweight Eurelle upper  Cushioned insole  Thick pile lining  Indoor/outdoor rubber sole is slip-resistant  Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

Get ostrich-leather looks without paying the price! Ostrich boots are just too spendy for most of us. But Laredo gives you the look of ostrich in a low-priced package you can pull-on without getting a case of sticker shock. Mosey over and take a closer look

Tommy Hilfiger Footwear consists of products that range from core athletic styles to youthful, cutting edge fashion footwear that delivers fabulous styles season after season. The signature Tommy Hilfiger logo and the prominent red, white, and blue colors on their designs remain true to their classic all-American style.	Even little toes need to have style, and who knows style better than the Tommy Hilfiger brand? These Lil bryce crib sandals are the perfect sandals for little toes, with a fisherman style, a smooth, suede bottom, and an adjustable hook and loop strap for easy on and off accessibility. This sandal is a great one for any youngster just learning to walk.

Featuring a simple, stylish leather upper with clean seaming and practical rubber soles, this classic lace-up also offers the superior comfort of Aetrex's Mozaic pressure-relief customization technology. Slip it on anytime you need a shoe that's easy to wear hour after hour.	Designed to limit stress at the areas of the foot most susceptible to pain. These shoes are often recommended for diabetes, arthritis or for anyone seeking a shoe that provides maximum comfort. The Ambulator Biomechanical Oxford provides unsurpassed comfort and protection with unique features such as Hidden-Depth Rocker soles, removable comfort orthotics and soft pigskin leather linings. Multiple removable insoles provide a 1/2" of removable depth for maximum protection and fitting flexibility. Aetrex unique PRS insole (Pressure Relief System) allows you to easily customize the comfort and fit of the shoe by trimming the insole at the areas of pressure.

Looking for a shoe that wont fall apart after a few wears? Look no further. In fact, this handsome oxford will last for years and years. The laces result in a snug fit, while the rubber sole and waterproof upper will take this shoe through all kinds of weather, wet or dry. And did we mention it will last for years and years?	The Dunham Windsor is made of brown Nu-Buck leather and offers maximum shock absorption with ABZORB in the heel and forefoot, seam sealed waterproofing, and a TRU-TRAK outsole for surface contact and traction. The fiberglass shank at mid-foot provides stability and the removable ABZORB insert enhances cushioning and comfort.

liner fuschia leather 70

Extremely lightweight clog features swivel strap. Anatomically correct foot bed. Contemporary cut outs on top & sides which allow for maximum air ventilation. Available in seven colors. From Jasco Uniform.

Nurses just loooove our Nursemates 229911 Leather Dove Slip-On Nursing Shoes! They probably go home and refuse to take them off. Nursemates 229911 Leather Dove Slip-On Nursing Shoes are made with premium floater black leather uppers and have a stain-resistant finish. The steel shank provides stability while you walk. The ultra lightweight sole construction guards against fatigue that is often associated with heavy shoes. The outsoles have a rubber insert for slip-resistance and longer wear. And the slip-on styling provides a smooth professional appearance. One of the most popular styles ever, the Nursemates 229911 Leather Dove Slip-On Nursing Shoes are an easy on and off. They will become your best friend on the job. You'll always work the same shift, and you will spend lots of time together. So do your friend a favor and take them home today. Sizes Manufactured

hether black leather 65

"Slip-on" in to rich Italian leather and famous Sebago quality. Give your toes the Italian treatment. As in the rich Italian leather uppers of these Sebago Cambria Boat shoes. They're built on the heritage of the famous Dockside boat shoes to blend old-world craftsmanship with modern comfort technology. Check them out

Stray off the well beaten conventional footwear path with this uncommon shoe. The Shelton boasts a two-tone leather upper and a combination oak leather and rubber outsole. Though this saddle shoe includes Allen Edmonds standard comfort toucheswelted construction and full leather liningsthis lace-up is anything but ordinary.	Five-eyelet saddle balmoral. Full leather linings. Stout welt. Rounded edge single oak leather sole. Custom heel.

Presto 08702 ShineOn electric shoe polisher. Shines men s  women s  and children s shoes like a professional. Keeps shoes looking new! The motorized brush lets you polish and buff for a perfect shine every time. This complete shoe care kit includes a power handle  two color-coded polish applicators  two color-coded polishing brushes  two buffing pads  and a handy storage tray. Power switch controls motor and releases brushes. 120 volts AC  90 watts.

Slip into the adorable Ladybug rain boot from Western Chief and you'll never get your feet wet. This stylish rain and garden boot features a full, natural rubber upper, easy-on pull straps, soft fabric linings, and a high-abrasion rubber outsole for sure footing and balance on both wet and dry surfaces.	Matching kid's boots available.

Secure your style with the woven seatbelt styling of this medium tote from Harveys. This casual bag has dual shoulder straps and a secure zipper closure. The logoed interior features a back wall slip pocket for help with organization and order. This is the perfect throw-it-over-your-shoulder-and-go handbag, which will complement your fast-paced lifestyle.	Meet the HARVEYS, husband and wife Dana and Melanie Harvey. In March 1997, while installing seatbelts into their 1950 Buick, they had the idea of making Melanie a matching handbag. Everyone loved hers so much that they decided to make more. They started m

A designer from the heart of Spain, Ramon Tenza truly captures the essence of what a woman is or aspires to be. From whimsical and witty designs to classic and contemporary lines, these are your shoes if you're looking for the latest in fashion with a spot of flare.

Stride Rite's Derby stage 3 lace-up shoes for infant and toddler boys brings the sophistication of a Euro-inspired oxford to the tiniest feet. Featuring smooth leather uppers, lace-up closures across the vamps and stylish, molded rubber out-soles, the Derbys will ensure that his tiny feet feel as good as they look.	Leather linings and upper for maximum breathability. Toe wrap for added protection and durability. Cradle footbed to enhance the natural walking motion.

Women's 2 3/4 Inch Chunky Heel Lace-Up Shoe

These Boat Mocs are tough as a bull moose, soft as kid leather! SAVE! We're talking comfort AND durability! Minnetonka Mocs use genuine, tough-as-nails moose hide to craft the uppers on these Boat Shoes. But moose hide is also incredibly supple so your toes feel nothing but flexible comfort. More

The sleek, Saucony Grid Propel Plus running shoe hugs the foot and provides an excellent ride and smooth transition from heel strike to toe off. Quarter welding and supportive synthetic overlays locks the foot in place. Grid Propel Plus Technology perfectly blends shock attenuation and deflection on impact and plush forefoot cushioning. Compression-molded SRC midsole with midfoot support bridge. XT-600/XT-900 triangular lug outsole provides traction. Wt. 11.9 oz.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Men's Clarks Copilot Oxfords earn their wings with classic style and a fatigue - fighting fit! Step in these Copilot Oxfords by Clarks and take off in comfort! The leather-lined, EVA Ortholite insole cushions the blow of each step you take... so your feet not only feel good while you're wearing them, but also when you take them off at the end of the day. The rich leather uppers also feature a padded tongue and collar... for a first class look and fit at an economy class price, make it Clarks! Take casual comfort to new heights

Easy Street is a national branded shoe company that has been making women's traditional shoes for over 50 years with an emphasis on comfort and fit supported by widths and sizes.

This style from New Balance is retro inspired and takes reference to US track and field colors. It's sleek silhouette consists of a soft suede and nylon ripstop combo, thin and durable laces, and an EVA midsole for a shock-absorbing step.	Kick it old school in the New Balance Classics U420. This men's sneaker is set in a suede and textile upper. You'll get the comfort of a running shoe with the good looks of any fashion shoe. Perfect for the weekends or everyday, this New Balance sneaker has a lightly cushioned footbed and a durable rubber outsole. This retro-running sneaker comes in a variety of colors that pay homage to past U.S. track and field teams. Keep your fit slick and simple with the New Balance Classics U420!

sweater black fabric 100

You'll cover more miles every day because this lightweight ULTRA-WALKER will add comfort to your walking experience  Leather upper  QUICK GRIP closure for easy on/off  Multi-layered CUSH-N-EEZ construction provides shock absorption and stability  FOOTONIC II contoured, cushioned insert is removable  BLUE ENERGY high-tech, shock-absorbing layer  Lightweight EVA-TECH microcellular cushion sole  Leather quarter lining  Breathable Cambrelle vamp lining  Padded collar

Men's Florsheim Steel Toe Classic Penny Loafer Slip-Ons. Don't judge a book... or a shoe... by its cover! These Florsheim "Classic" Penny Loafers have a Steel Toe! Plus excellent slip, oil, abrasion, metal chips, heat, electrical hazard and chemical resistance means these Penny Loafers can go anywhere. Their classy look and built-in foot protection make them ideal for architects checking out a construction site. More details

The Jerez 3 from adidas is a clean-cut driving shoe made for cruising. It features a classic design with a suede toe bumper, distinctive Goodyear logo on the heel, and an EVA midsole for superior cushioning on the road or on the sidewalk.	Relaxed running shoe, Adidas Jerez 3 has all the classic Adidas distinctive parts and advantages. Front full lace up Padded tongue and collar Signature side striping embellishment Fleecy soft fabric lining and cushioned insole Flexible midsole with striped foam wedge heel

The Women's Sophie Soft Sole Sheepskin Slipper brings a feminine touch to the classic sheepskin slipper design. You'll love the comfy feel of these 100% Merino sheepskin slippers with their plush rolled ankle cuffs and soft leather outsoles. Perfect for shuffling around the house and anytime relaxation, they'll keep your feet toasty warm and dry all winter long. Because it's a natural temperature moderator, sheepskin wicks away moisture to keep your feet comfortable in summer months, too. Imported.

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The Steve Madden Paulete shoes feature a textile upper with a peep toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

rowdie black leather 80

rowdie black leather 85

BE009 Canvas Zippered Book Tote. Features

Ease your soles! Made of soft, 100% Australian Merino sheepskin, our Sydney Classic Low Mocs naturally wick away moisture, keeping your feet warm, dry and comfortable -- winter or summer. Adjustable lace ensures a comfortable fit and TPR outsoles provide excellent traction, indoors or out. Imported.

Update an old oxford favorite with this work of art from Kenneth Cole. It features a beautiful leather upper, leather lining, cushioned insole, and a removable GEL/EVA footbed that creates a dual fit system to accommodate most orthotics.	Rich leather oxford features signature Silver TechnologyTM, with a removable footbed for a dual fit that accommodates most orthotics. Micro midsole provides cushioning and shock absorption, and a broader, airport-friendly fiberglass shank adds lateral stability.

This 16-inch knee boot from Weather Chief keeps you dry and warm from ankle to calf, no matter what the sky brings.	A basic black rain boot by Western Chief with rust accented trim and soles.

With it's surprisingly supportive and responsive ride, the ASICS GEL-DS Trainer XII running shoe delivers on the key features that runners have come to expect from this leader in the lightweight training category. Biomorphic Fit upper provides a superior fit and function. Impact Guidance System (IGS) enhances the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. Solyte midsole offers improved cushioning and durability. GEL Cushioning Systems attenuate shock during impact phase and toe off phases. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function.

Palladium began its passion for travel with the inception of the brand. Creating the "pampa" style boot for the French Foreign legion began Palladium's inevitable quest to travel the world. Palladium shoes are now named after famous cities around the world, and remain dedicated to style, durability, authenticity, and discovery. For those who know you can't see the world from the seat of a bus, the berth of a train, the railings of a boat or the porthole of a plane, Palladiums are made for you. Since 1947, Palladium has been the shoe of choice for the restless wayfarer. To all you roamers, rovers, and rolling stones who believe the destination is the journey, ramble on!

Superstar style gets superstar lux as well with these posh classics from adidas. Smooth leather upper in a classic athletic style, with a round toe with classic textured rubber "shell toe," old school adidas logo details and adidas signature 3 side stripes with pinked edges. Full lace up front with metallic lace plate, padded tongue and collar, and soft fabric lining. Cushioning insole, shock absorbing midsole. Traction patterned rubber sole.

The platypus is a great looking slipper, flat bill and great detail make it a must have in your collection.

This mary jane is all grown up, and ready for a day at the office or a lunch date downtown.  A modern high-heel version of a favored classic, this fresh, round-toe leather pump is detailed with contrast overlays and pick stitching. The stylish split top strap ends in a charming double buckle, and the dramatic stacked heel instantly elevates your style.	Tribeca, A Kenneth Cole Production. A line that gives the fashion forward customer a chance to express herself.  Up to the minute fashion silhouettes, that covers sandals, platforms, boots, denim friendly heels and evening makers.  Don't be afraid to let the shoe help tell the story.

You can safely say that these are the most popular shoes right now! Everyone has to be on the waiting list to get them! But you do not have to wait a single minute!   These are the 120 mm heel Pigalle in patent leather.  Brand new in the original box.  This style runs on a smaller side. Red soles are unmistakable.

Featured in Star Magazine, Nov 19th 2007

Made in the USA, the Super Rain Forest boot is a great all-purpose workboot that gets the job done. Double-thick leather provides exceptional durability. Stitchdown construction guarantees a wider platform for greater stability and support underfoot. 200G Thinsulate adds lightweight warmth and insulating properties.	Defy the elements in Danner Elite Series Super Rain Forest Boots. Serious Boots for seriously bad weather. How serious? Okay, take the crappiest work conditions you can think of and lower the temperature to somewhere around freezing. That's when Super Rain Forest Boots with 200 gram Thinsulate Insulation are worth their weight in gold. A great Boot solution for those who happily work in the elements. The goods

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Men's Clarks Cedar Boots combine the look and feel of full - grain leather with waterproof GORE - TEX technology! Plus you'll get the shock-absorbing cushion of the Ortholite insole and a roomy toe box for a more natural fit! So to review... no soggy feet, no squished toes, plenty of support and durable, flexible full - grain leather construction. What else could you possibly want from a Boot? How about

The New Balance W598 shoes feature a suede upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

A blend of cushioning and flexibility that allows your feet to explode off the ground, stride after stride. Highly ventilated air mesh upper provides maximum breathability. S-257(TM) Cushsole offers even more cushioning and flexibility. HydroFlow in heel and forefoot absorbs shock and stabilizes the foot. Engineered Cush-Pod(TM) configuration sets the foot in an efficient, balanced position from heel strike to toe-off while providing maximum cushioning and flexibility. Full-length S-257(TM) midsole provides energy return and cushioning with 15% extended life characteristics. Dual-density DRB(TM) Accel molded TPU placed under the midfoot provides added medial support and torsional rigidity for a smooth transition from heel to toe. HPR Plus high-density carbon rubber outsole, e-1(TM) progressively dampens the forces of energy that occur during heel contact.  Weight 10.5 oz.

Beautifully constructed girl?s Christening shoe made of 100% silk.  This shoe is delicately embroidered on the toe and includes a beautiful dyed-to-match ribbon rosette.  With a bias tie closure, this shoe is made of the same silk as our girl?s sets. When you want the perfect touch to finish your silk girl?s Christening set this shoe can?t be beat.  The color is slightly off-white or Champaign white.

Your little handsome man will look oh-so-grownup wearing the Marcus monkstrap loafer from Kid Express. Perfect for every day or special occasion wear, this all-season leather shoe has an easy to slip on and off Velcro close "buckled" vamp strap and a padded collar for additional comfort and ankle support. Additionally, the fully cushioned insole and soft linings will keep his little rambunctious feet comfortable, while the crepe textured outsole ensures a solid and safe step.	European inspired kids' footwear at affordable prices.

Soft leather upper for comfort and support, molded polyurethane sockliner for cushioning and durability, EVA midsole for lightweight cushioning, abrasive rubber outsole for traction and durability.

The KEENMen's Brooklyn Mid Casual Shoe loves the streets of New York, or the streets of Omaha, Nebraska for that matter. Either way, this casual shoe keeps your feet comfy and your style in check. A waterproof leather upper blocks moisture as you run to catch your train. KEEN gave the Brooklyn Mid a moisture-wicking synthetic lining to ensure dry feet, and a non-marking rubber outsole for trekking through the urban jungle.Product FeaturesMaterial

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX(TM) foam. Weight 16.8 oz.

The aptly named Deerking slipper from L.B. Evans will help you lounge like royalty with its suple deerskin construction. Its leather linings deliver breathability, while the rubber outsole is substantial enough for outdoor use.	Take your relaxed attitude out of the house with the Deer King slipper from L.B. Evans. The durable sole works both indoors and outdoors, so you don't have to change out of your slippers to walk the dog or get the mail. The leather upper and lightweight lining not only look classic, but they're comfortable, too.

Work or play, the Caterpillar Alaska lace-up means business. The tumbled grain leather upper of this tough-minded boot is built to last and easy to maintain. The classic lace-up design includes d-ring and hooks at the top for a secure fit. Inside this boot, its all about comfort with a nylon-mesh lining, rubber midsole and removable sock liner. The flexible outsole is built for performance with Goodyear welt construction and a slip-resistant chunky-lug tread pattern underneath.	The Alaska FX Steel Toe Men's Work Boot has a tumbled full grain leather upper, steel toe, breathable nylon mesh lining and a removable polyurethane outsole. Other features include TechniFlex construction, slip resistant, electrical hazard approved, and goodyear welt construction for comfort.

Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giving your foot support where it is needed, more cushy comfort where it counts and more room where your foot's moving parts need freedom when walking. The result has to be tried to be believed! Shouldn't you be wearing the world's best walking shoes?	Men's Propet Tide Walker even comes in 3X wide to fit anyone! Get everyday comfort from these Tide Walker Sandals. From the beaches of the San Diego to the park in your own hometown, you'll love kicking back in these durable Sandals by Propet

The mens Steel Toe boots/casual shoes from Dexter feature a leather upper for a great look. The key features are

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 5 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, lightly tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The thick, Velcro-close tab provides adjustable fit and an easy on/off.	The Propet Women's Ped Walker 5. Two removable insoles let you customize your fit

Perfect for trail runners seeking lightweight performance and superior traction. The GEL Cushioning System attenuates impact and toe-off shock, a snug MONO-SOCK Fit System keeps out trail debris, and a Performance Trail Outsole grips and protects.

Great Low Price for such comfy slippers. They are made of soft velour, and have cushioned inner soles. The Easy Touch closures are easier for those with arthritis. The skid-resistant soles can help prevent elderly falls.

Look great for a good cause. These classic Carlos Santana platforms have an elegant arch with a 3 3/4 inch heel and rounded toe. With a variety of solid colors to choose from, and part of the proceeds going to help underprivileged children, you'll be tempted to get more than one pair of these stylish leather shoes.	Classic platform pump comes in a variety of solids and in both leather and patent constructions.	 	 Rounded toe.	 	 Padded footbed.	 	 Covered platform sole and heel.	 	 Manmade sole.	 	 3 3/4" heel.

A classic tennis shoe. Combination nubuck leather and nylon mesh upper. Comfort polyurethane midsole/outsole.

Brand New in Original Box, Crochet Ugg Boots.

Altama EXO-Speed

Paint the town whatever color youd like with this distinctive Mesh and Lambskin clutch from Whiting and Davis by your side. This celebration-ready clutch, with its cut-out handle, easily doubles as a handbag. A simple magnetic snap closure and satin lining finish its dreamy evening looks.	With a pedigree that dates back to the jazz age, Whiting & Davis is renowned for its sleek and innovative metal mesh handbag collection. In 1999, The Inge Christopher Group acquired Whiting & Davis handbags. Soon,the brand's founders realized they had acquired an aesthetic gem as they began pioneering new ways to play with mesh. The creative team added novelty colors, dramatic new textures, and retro-paint effects to its repertoire, designing exquisite handbags that soon became the most coveted arm candy on the red carpet. The product ranges from cosmetic cases, wallets and key rings to highly sophisticated handbags.

Whether you're relaxing with the wind in your hair or at a beachfront cottage with the sun on your face, this Soft Moc from Ecco will charm you into leather relaxation. The low profile sole gives you a responsive touch and feel, while the topstitching accents give it a tailored look.	Mens ECCO Soft Moc Slip-on

Synthetic leather upper with fold-over tongue. Unique striping pattern with special treatment on side panels.  Traditional molded rubber outsole. 12.6 oz.

Great casual shoe with a leather upper, EVA midsole, rubber outsole.

Gather compliments aplenty with the unique styling of this satchel from Harveys in tow. This stylish handbag has a woven seatbelt body, a secure zipper closure, and dual shoulder straps. The logoed interior has zip and slip pockets for optimum organization and order. This is the perfect throw-it-over-your-shoulder and go handbag, which will complement your fast-paced lifestyle.	Every Harveys bag is hand built here in the USA. All of our bags are sewn by hand using the finest and most durable materials available. All Harveys bags are made to ensure satisfaction and service for the natural life of the product. If, during its lifetime, your bag should require repair, we offer a repair service. If the nature of the repair is due to a manufacturing defect, we will gladly repair your bag free of charge.

Recommended by five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Women's specific fit, full-length SpEVA(TM) midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Comes with 9mm pyramid spikes and wrench. Wt. 7.3 oz.

Simple didn't design their Women's Toe Foo Sandals for stir fry. While these flip-flops feel buttery soft on your feet, they were not made to be eaten. If you're really poor or don't have any taste buds, you could feasibly chow down on the Simple Toe Foo Sandals' all-natural jute, crepe rubber, and cork materials. But we wouldn't recommend it.Product FeaturesMaterial

The Converse Wade Signature LE basketball shoe is Dwyane Wade's signature shoe that he wore in the World Basketball Championships. Full-grain leather upper with mesh tongue for breathability. Embossed "Croc" synthetic leather forefoot. Internal Neoprene bootie construction supports the foot and provides added comfort. Double lasted construction provides low-to-the-ground control. Injection molded pieces in the shank add support. Removable CMEVA innersole gives cushion. All elements of Foot Strike Management (outrigger on the lateral side, rounded outsole on medial side, flex grooves throughout outsole area). Wt. 14.6 oz.

Good for Pop Warner and high school football players looking for an entry-level cleat. Offers more protection for players needing more ankle support. Leather and mesh upper provides breathability and comfort. Supportive midsole adds maximum comfort. Unique TraXion molded rubber outsole gives maximum ground penetration and comfort.

What better way to support your Florida Gators year round than with the Florida Gators Printed Flip Flop? Innovative and trend setting designs have been fused with the colors and logos of your Florida Gators. Whether you're off to the beach, working in the yard, or just relaxing around the house, our flip flops will provide you with the ultimate in style and functionality. Officially licensed by the NCAA.

This bamboo handle synthetic silk handbag is great for all occasions. The floral embroidery is "Juhua" aka Chrysanthemum which is one of the "Four Junzi Flowers" of China (the others being Ume, Orchid, and Bamboo) and is symbolic of nobleness in China. Chrysanthemums were cultivated in China as a flowering herb as far back as the 15th century BCE. It was introduced into Japan around the 8th century CE and the Emperor adopted the flower as his official seal. Therefore the flower represents the emperor and Imperial House in Japan. In the United States, the flower is usually regarded as positive and cheerful. The dimension of the bag is 13 x 2.5 x 14 inches including the handle.

The NEW DEFIER RS is engineered to stand up to the most intense game. The TecTuff high-abrasion toe wrap creates a durable barrier between the court and the foot. The abrasion-resistant DragGuard is placed in the toe and the heel of the Aosta 7.0 rubber outsole. The Defier RS outsole features non-marking and a clay-friendly herringbone tread pattern for multi-surface traction.

Men'S 2 Inch Platform Metal Stud Vegetarian Creeper Shoe

Free yourself from the hassle of laces. The Premix is a great-looking, classic sneaker in an easy-to-wear, slip-on style. Elastic insets ensure a snug yet comfortable fit as well as an easy on and off. Additional comfort features include a padded tongue and collar, a cushioned footbed, and an EVA midsole for great shock absorption. A durable non-marking rubber outsole delivers excellent grip.	Get back to the classics with a cute and simple sneaker style. Comfort qualities are added in the ankle collar and footbed for daily wear-ability. Slip-on oxford is made of leather and is accented with metal eyelets for fun. Rubber sole is sturdy and takes the everyday wear in stride. Mix with your favorite jeans and cute polo top for a casual look.

Black Colorway A Vans' classic sporting the signature of skater Steve Caballero the Half Cab features a mid-top of suede with double stitching in the ollie area ventilation in the toe area and Vans' original Off the Wall outsole.

#011881  Absolute Control   Absolute Comfort   Get the +Absolado Firm Ground Boot with Traxion from adidas

The Harness 8R boot from Frye has a rugged character and rough attitude but exudes polished refinement. This handsome pull-on boot has an oiled leather upper with brushed metal hardware, genuine Goodyear welt construction for maximum support, neoprene oil resistant soles with full-length leather midsole for maximum comfort and durability, and a specially formulated insole offering superior cushioning and resistant to bacterial growth.	Dating back to the 1800s, the Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the US, giving Frye products a long and illustrious history! Today Frye remains true to its heritage and vintage roots, while continuing to innovate and expand its footwear for continuously fashionable designs using rich leathers and quality hardware. The Harness 8R boot features definitive O-ring straps and studs on distressed leather uppers, making for a timeless design. Double pull-tabs, a wellington vamp, cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, pitched heels with rubber heel lifts, neoprene oil resistant soles, and durable Goodyear welt construction finish off this boot beautifully! Height approx. 7 1/4", stacked heel approx. 2". Style #87402. Chocolate.

Designer Michelle K creates head-turning sneakers by fusing sport and design. Very special materials and leathers have been researched and developed exclusively for Michelle K Sport. Not only has special attention been paid to the detail on the outside of the shoe, but also on the inside-- linings are a mixture of leather and interesting fabrics and color pops; upper color combinations are rich and wearable. With feminine detailing and innovative materials and styling, Michelle K sneakers can take you anywhere in style.

The Puma Men's El Rey gets an upgrade with a technical drawing of the El Rey distorted and laser-etched into leather. As always, this classic casual shoe comes complete with pinstriped lining and a rubber band for one-of-a-kind style. Canvas upper with a rubber outsole.

Whatever the season, you'll always look good in the Chuck Taylor All Star Specialty Seasonal sneakers from Converse. Classic canvas upper with neutral-friendly colors. Canvas lining with a cushioned footbed for all-day comfort. Traditional lacing closure with metallic eyelets for secure fit. Signature Chuck Taylor rubber toe box and toe guard, tonal sidewall trim, dual air vent portholes on medial side and All Star heel patch. Signature Converse rubber outsole.

The adidas Response 2 Men's Wrestling Singlet offers a high-cut design with subimated side panels and hemmed legs, neck, and arms.

The Tommy Hilfiger brand has become a symbol of the all American spirit and continues to be regarded as one of the most recognized global lifestyle brands. The Tommy Hilfiger Handbag collection is fun, glamorous and designed to recharge your wardrobe. Stay a step ahead in great spirited colors and luxurious fabrics with Tommy Hilfiger.

If you're a country girl with a bit of city flair then the Regale smooth leather boot from Apepazza is perfect for you. This striking boot has beautiful appliqu detailing on the shaft, full side zipper closure, gored panel for additional flexibility, decorative buckle detail, round toe, stacked heel, cushioned insole, and a rubber outsole for traction. Pair with a denim mini for a fun, casual, and sexy look.	A wildly successful brand in Europe, Apepazza made its American debut in 2005. Founded in 1983 in Padova, Italy, Apepazza is famous for its unusual materials, international influences and precise attention to details. Sophisticated, eclectic and original, Apepazza is designed and made for the fashion-creative woman with a keen sense of individual style. Never a follower, the Apepazza woman is master and creator of her own image.

Back by popular demand! Natural rubber outsole, molded EVA midsole, soft, full grain leather upper, removeable anatomical sockliner in soft EVA, built on NFS last

The OverGlove was developed for the arctic weather of Alaska. OverGlove is the ultimate layering system for your hands. OverGlove's neoprene heat retention system guarantees warmer hands. The OverGlove has been tested to keep the shell of a glove as much as 50 degrees F warmer. The OverGlove is windproof and waterproof.

This 10" roper from Ariat is constructed with a full grain leather upper and leather lining. It contains Ariat's removable 4LR orthotic footbed for additional comfort, a tempered steel shank for support and the MaxFlex Duratread outsole for long-lasting wear. Colors available

Leather Laces Gold Brown - 1 Pack

SAVE NOW on Jibs Splog Slipper / Shoes in both Men's and Ladies' sizes! They're super warm

From the beginning Ted has had a very clear, unswerving, focus on quality, attention to detail, and a quirky sense of humour. In fact, the first Ted Baker stores used to provide a laundry service for every shirt purchased--something that gained the quickly growing brand the title of "No Ordinary Designer Label." Everything produced under the Ted Baker name has his personality woven into its very heart. As you would expect from Ted, the approach to marketing the brand remains the same as it was from day one, primarily by word of mouth and out-of-the-ordinary marketing. What other brand would give away Paxo stuffing at Christmas, a can of chocolate bunny hotpot for Easter, or even special World-Cup 2006 football cards? Ted Baker remains one of the only brands to be built into an international designer label without an advertising campaign. Ted Baker is "the best kept secret in the industry."

The perfect, basic sporty shoe for your little one. Stride Rite knows how active toddlers can be, and thats why they offer these Jungle Gym H Playground Shoes. For more than 85 years, Stride Rite has been making shoes that are specifically designed to fit the needs of growing children. That experience shows in tailored shoes like these. The leather/mesh upper is flexible, and the Natural Motion System is made to work for children taking their first steps.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Mineetonka Moccassins Speed-fit Boots make knee-highs easy to get into. Now you get great looks AND and an easy fit! These Boots open wide for dressing and lace up fast thanks to the easy eyelets. Features

Perfed full-grain leather shroud with zipper offers ventilation and support, full translucent TPU heel cage adds stability and support, polyurethane sockliner provides comfort and cushioning, forefoot grenade construction for low-to-ground look, feel and increased surface contact, internal IMEVA sole increases cushioning and support. Wt. 17 oz.

Sugar has found sweet success among the fashionably young. Whether she is sweet, sassy or sporty, Sugar offers a variety of unique and stylish accessories that are accessible to every tween and teen. Season after season, Sugar Shoes continues to be a front-runner among teen brands with its fresh, evolving designs. Floatie sandals have become a trademark of the brand since its launch in 1998 and remain a favorite today. Sugar Shoes collection features uber-feminine contemporary footwear for those who love a little whimsy.

Women's Terra Steel Toe SD Ginger Athletic Shoes Get a stylish casual look, jobsite protection and all-day comfort from these Terra Ginger Athletic Shoes

Reef is surf. They're inspired by water, by the ocean, by perfect waves, and the journey along the way to find them. They are a genuine, global surf brand that harvests the best of the lifestyle and shares it through authentic, innovative and fashionable product. At the core of Reef is their Latin roots and the inherent sensuality of the beach. The Reef team is committed to having fun in and out of the water, as well as giving back to the world that inspires them.	Get smoooooth Reef style with these comfy Butter flip flops!Genuine leather strap with soft polyester lining & toe postRubber Reef logo on toe postGenuine leather deck & mid-height, medium density EVA footbedDurable, high density EVA outsole

ASICS LOW PROFILE - MEXICO BACK HEEL FLAP WITH "TIGER" IN CONTRAST COLOUR--ONITSUKA TIGER LINE * UPPER--LEATHER & SUEDE * MIDSOLE--EVA* SOLE--RUBBER * IMPORT SALE PRICE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE ORIGINALLY - $78.00 NOW -

If we told you to beat your hands on the ground, putting over 100 pounds of pressure on them each time, you'd tell us no way. But you do it to your feet every day. NurseMates 238401 Louise Women's Slip-Resistant Black Nursing Shoes are made to cushion your feet every time they hit the ground, keep every step steady and even help you maintain your professional look. These black lace-ups are made with stain-resistant leather. The flexible material cleans up easily at the end of every long day. The tumbled, pebbled exterior adds depth and texture to create a rich look that? s tough enough to take the abuse of your workday. EVA foam creates lightweight cushioning to soften your stride all day long. The Perfect Grip rubber soles are named for their slip-resistance, keeping your steps steady even around wet, icy floors. The 1 1/4 inch heel gives you a little extra lift.NurseMates 238401 Louise Women's Slip-Resistant Black Nursing Shoes soften all that foot-pounding, withstand all that dirtying and keep your feet going no matter how tough the work. They? re what all shoes should be. Sizes Manufactured

Your gorgeous gams plus the Sleek kitten heel from Charles David equals limitless sex appeal. The soft, luxuriant hair calf or kid upper looks, and feels, great. So great, in fact, that he may start pinning your picture on his wall (if he hasn't already).	The Charles David Sleek shoes feature a hair calf upper with a pointed toe. The leather outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

The Dunham 7778 insulated work boot is part of the TUFF-LITE Classic Series and are built to withstand the harshest conditions. Color

This lace-up original remains as stylish and as comfortable as ever. In an array of cool color schemes, the Saucony's Jazz Lo Pro is designed with a lightweight upper and a textured rubber outsole. It also has a padded tongue, collar and insole for superior comfort and shock absorption. There's no doubt that this shoe will become your favorite walk-everywhere, do-everything sneaker.	Saucony Women's Jazz Low Pro Retro Shoes

These  hand made mountain hiking boot laces are extremely strong & durable. They provide excellent holding power. Lowest shipping for laces on Amazon. $2.99  National leash is a leader in mountain rope products.

Highly-ventilated AIRmesh upper. CMEVA midsole with Composite Parallel Wave(TM) configuration. VS-1(TM) point-of-impact shock absorption, Mizuno Intercool midsole ventilation. Solid rubber forefoot , X-10(TM) high-density carbon rubber heel. Weight 11.4 oz.

The Duff's Octane men's shoe features a classic suede and leather upper with a CMEVA midsole and heel-safe gel cushioning for all-day wear. Zig-zag tread pattern on the outsole delivers great grip.

Move with quick efficiency and comfort over difficult trails with a 3D Flex ankle and PU Aircushion midsole when you wear La Sportiva's Trango Trek GTX hiking boots As you get sure footing on wet or slick ground with the Vibram outsoles, you won't be bogged down by heavy, wet shoes thanks to a breathable and waterproof GORE-TEX liner Features

Classically simple and elegant, this lovely sandal is a perfect companion to fancy skirts and formal dresses. The smooth satin straps crisscross the feet in a flattering manner and the ankle strap features a comfort-enhancing elastic panel. Dance the night away in the sculpted, two-inch heel.	Dance the night away in this glam sandal  Shimmering satin fabric upper  Adjustable instep strap buckle  Lightly padded footbed  2" heel height

XOXO leads the pack by consistently delivering sexy and fun young footwear designs. For daytime or playtime, XOXO has the shoe that fits.

SAVE BIG on stylish Reebok DMX Barriers! Frisky go-getters afoot! Appropriately named, these stylish Barriers are built to conquer! Designed by Reebok with the emphasis on exceptional traction. They can stop on a dime and pick it up, too. Well, almost! Style change-up spells a mind-blowing BIG BUCKS OFF! Synthetic leather and breathable mesh uppers; Knobby, non-marking rubber outsole for grip; Shock-absorbing EVA midsole with DMX foam technology for added cush; Removable, polyester-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking polyester lining; Padded tongue and collar. Each approx. 4 1/2" h., 11 ozs.; State Size. Medium width. Order up today! Men's Reebok DMX Barriers, White / Gray / Blue

Rich "urban cowgirl" looks and luxury feel! Women's Born Ouray Boots, PRICED LOW! Handcrafted style and comfort for a riding boot in horse country or a steppin' out boot in downtown Atlanta... these beauties are perfection in leather. Born is known for elegant design and premium crafting... and for their high-end store prices! But a style "tweak" means the thoroughbred price just got "ordinary," just for you! Rich "waxy" nubuck leather uppers, supple and durable. Outside pull-on loops have a braided leather cord for Western flair; Opanka construction for easy flexibility; No-slip rubber outsole; Unlined foot and shaft for cool breathability 1 1/2" heel. Each approx. 12"h. and a "slender" 21 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Get yours with big savings today! Women's Born Ouray Boots, Teak Brown

Reef is surf. They're inspired by water, by the ocean, by perfect waves, and the journey along the way to find them. They are a genuine, global surf brand that harvests the best of the lifestyle and shares it through authentic, innovative and fashionable product. At the core of Reef is their Latin roots and the inherent sensuality of the beach. The Reef team is committed to having fun in and out of the water, as well as giving back to the world that inspires them.	Looking for flip-flops that'll give you a little lift? Slip into the Reef Women's Butter Sandals. The mid-height sole makes you a smidge taller, and the leather strap matches with jeans or skirts. These Reef flip-flops' arch support keeps the bottoms of your feet happy, and the Butters' EVA outsole provides cushioning.Product FeaturesMaterial

This handsome shoe from Kenneth Cole REACTION will get your little man noticed when he's all dressed up. Its comfortable padded footbed will keep him feeling as good as he looks while its traditional lace-up design will give him a snug fit.	For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music and pop culture. Youre sure to have a positive reaction to this stylish, versatile and affordable collection.

The Duckhead May shoes feature a leather upper with a square toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

The brand El Naturalista (The Naturalist) originates from La Roja, Spain -- a fertile, prosperous land known for their artisan shoemakers since ancient times. They know their trade, their quality and how to strike a healthy balance between traditional and modern shoes. Their products are universal, adaptable, and nature-inspired.

Take a few steps back in time in this sporty, retro shoe, featuring leather, suede or patent leather upper with rubber outsole.

liner fuschia leather 75

Classic style that never fades, featuring a leather upper, EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

Make a bold statement with the Haley Sandal from Charles by Charles David! Snakeskin textured leather straps ornamented with metal rivets gracefully cross the vamp, arch and ankle. A large metal disk serves as a centerpiece, adding a classy touch to your favorite summer dress or skinny jeans.	Launched in January 2004, the Charles by Charles David line is designed for the woman who demands fashion and style at an appealing price. The variety of styles -- pumps, kitten heels, evening sandals, wedges and boots -- make this a versatile line of shoes ideal for a casual weekend, a night out or a boardroom business meeting. Unique fabrications and constructions such as padded insoles and flex sole bottoms make them especially comfortable. Charles by Charles David is available in Charles David retail stores as well as select department and specialty stores nationwide.

Your average football player stares down three-hundred-pound linemen for hours at a time, so it's safe to bet it'll take more than a pair of football cleats to intimidate him. The mere sight of the adidas Pro Intimidate Turf football cleats won't send that muscle-bound middle linebacker scrambling to hide in the showers, but you might become a much more intimidating presence on the field if you take advantage of the Pro Intimidate's effective design and useful features.The adidas Pro Intimidate Turf football cleats feature an incredibly light-weight synthetic upper to encourage quick feet, and the studded outsole will give you a firm and steady grip on turf. Perhaps most intimidating, though, is the shoe's use of the adidas patented adiPRENE cushioning material. By placing a pouch of the ultra-responsive adiPRENE in the adidas Pro Intimidate Turf football cleats' forefoot area, the cleat gives you a slight push back with every step you take, reducing the amount of effort expended in each step. Toward the end of a long game, that extra bit of energy you've saved up might go a long way to help you finish strong, almost freakishly strong. Maybe the linebackers will hit the showers early after all.

Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support. C-CAP CMEVA midsole with heel and forefoot ABZORB, Stability Web offers midfoot support and torsional stability. Solid rubber outsole delivers long-wearing durability.

Evisu womens pink suede mini shopper bag. Painted ecru signature logo. Fully lined, woven signature patch inside. Leather handles. 23cm wide (9 inches) 24cm to top of bag (9.5 inches).

Streamlined and durable for week after week of high mileage running, this classic training shoe has it all. Synthetic leather upper with breathable open mesh. SpEVA midsole enhances bounce back during the propulsion phase, forefoot and rearfoot GEL Cushioning Systems, ASICS Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) offers a more natural foot motion, internal DuoTruss System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves add rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 12.0 oz.

The men's Cole Haan 'Pinch Tassel' is an American classic that every man should have in his closet. The upper is handantiqued brushoff leather. Genuine handsewn on the last moccasin construction for a supreme fit and feel. Fully leather lined for the ultimate in comfort. Leather sole with combination stack leather heel.

Madden Girl is a division of Steve Madden -- the footwear fashion mogul of the 21st century who has inserted his company into virtually every aspect of the fashion industry. With his primary success and initial endeavor as a shoe designer, Mr. Madden has maintained the direct day-to-day responsibility for the design and marketing of the company's trend setting shoes for the past two decades.

Beautifully constructed boys oxford Christening shoe made of 100% polyester matte satin.   Includes a touch of the Irish, the Celtic Cross embroidery on the sole of this shoe, makes it the perfect accessory for any white Christening Set.  A tiny braid accents the toe.  Size 00 (NB to 6 Weeks - 3 3/4"), 01 (6Weeks to 3 Months - 3 15/16"), 02 (3 to 6 Months - 4"), 03 (6 to 9 Months - 4 1/4").

Reed from Stacy Adams is a great choice in footwear for the office. The slip-on construction features dual goring for a flexible fit, and the square toe delivers a classic look. Breathable leather linings and a padded footbed increase the level of comfort.	Stacy Adams Reed Slip - ons offer superior versatility in a comfortable package! SAVE BIG! They look great with jeans, slacks, or dress pants! Slip-ons you can wear with anything? Now that IS versatile! Fashion mainstay polished leather forms these dress-style Slip-ons that are just as at-home at the office as they are at the ol' ballpark. And you'll want to wear these babies everywhere... the lightly padded collar and cushioned insole pamper your feet step after step. These Slip-ons really are dress shoes with the "sole" of comfy loafers! Try these on for size

Polo by Ralph Lauren pays homage to classic American style with this Bal Harbour slip-on sneaker. Its canvas upper is decorated with signature logos, while the padded linings and fabric sole keep your little patriot comfortable and confident.	Slip your little ones into something more fun and spritely and let em' go nuts in the Bal Harbor Repeat loafers by Ralph Lauren. These sporty shoes feature a colorful canvas upper with fun logo detailing and side goring to ensure an easier slip-on fit. Soft textile liner and cushioned footbed provide your steps with breathable, long-term comfort. Vulcanized heel and toe bumper supplies you with shock absorbing wear, while the synthetic traction outsole offers a durable, flexible tread.

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	The look is business, but the feel is pure comfort in these dressy oxfords from Ecco.  Smooth leather upper in a dress oxford style, with a rounded toe, dual stitched seam bicycle style front detail, and side stitching accents.  Four eyelet lace up front, cushioned collar and tongue.  Soft fabric lining, cushioned vegetable tanned leather topped comfort insole.  Variable width fit system.  Ecco Light flexible midsole with Shock Point heel cushion, and a traction patterned outsole.

Chuck Taylor All Star Ox Slip-On shoes are sought-after by kids and adults alike.  Now you can introduce your toddler to the joys of a simple canvas shoe.  In great colors and strong, yet lightweight and flexible, it's the ideal choice when little ones just need a fun pair of shoes to venture out in.

This soft and comfortable sheepskin upper, wool lined bootie features a quick and easy velcro closure. Now your little one can have cool surf-style boots just like mommy and daddy's name brand boots! Color

Waterproof warmth from the most trusted name in work boots! You know Georgia boots are quality. And these 8" Insulated, Waterproof beauties are a prime example. See for yourself

Look forward to warm weather days in the Urban sandals from LifeStride.Faux leather upper in a dress sandal style with a round, open toeDecorative stone and beaded details adorn the vampSmooth lining, cushioning insoleTraction outsole, 1 1/2 inch wedge heel

Show off the unique look of ostrich leather in comfort. The innovative Provence by Italian shoemaker Zelli features a stylishly narrow last, supple ostrich leather uppers, smart heel, and absolutely attractive silver buckle with a leather loop for a clean, crisp design. With a cushioned leather footbed and leather lining for a sure fit, the strapping Provence has comfort covered.	Hailing from the Tuscany region of Italy, Zelli International provides quality handmade footwear and leather accessories. Using Italian calfskin as well as exotic leathers, Zelli offers classic men's styles that are sure to get you noticed.

This boot features leather at all the critical support areas, plus panels made of lightweight CORDURA fabric, a high tenacity nylon fabric with twice the abrasion resistance of ballistic nylon, twice the puncture/tear resistance of leather, and is not affected by mold or mildew Full grain leather/CORDURA fabric upper Suede leather padded collar Removable, contoured, cushioned insole Composite shanks for support Leather pull tabs Side wall stitched for stability Cambrelle moisture-wicking lining Steel toe rates M I/75 C/75 in accordance with ASTM F2412-11  F2413-11

Tap your heart out with Capezio's Teletone Xtreme. The tap shoe features resonating teletone taps, a grippy rubber sole patch for a non-slip grip, and a foam footbed that provides comfort as well as shock absorption.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

Just because its casual wear, doesn't mean you can't look sharp. This lace-up sneaker from Sperry is the perfect thing to set off your favorite laid-back look. The thick rubber sole offers traction and comfort. Contrast piping outlines the rubber outsole, adding an extra touch of style and giving it a slight nautical feel, a look thats always in for the summer.	With an old school sneaker look, the Sperry Top-Sider Striper is acomfortable shoe that doesn't make a fuss. This men's sneaker features a non-markingrubber outsole with wave-siping for extreme traction on both wet anddry surfaces. A heel counter provides durability and a secure fit, andvulcanized rubber construction ensures years of durability. This Sperry Top-Sider sneaker keepsit on the downlow with plenty of style and comfort. Kick back on the weekends in the Sperry Top-Sider Striper!

The Brando boot from Frye has rugged character and rough attitude, but it's a softie at heart. This handsome lace-up has a lightly distressed leather upper, an oil-resistant neoprene sole, a full-length leather sockliner for maximum breathability, and a cushioned insole for additional comfort.	Our Brando Engineer Boot offers a smart take on classic engineer styling. With adjustable dual buckles at the top of the subtly angled shaft and a buckle detail across the vamp, the handsome design includes a round toe, leather cushioned shock-absorbing memory insoles, stacked leather heel with rubber tap, and durable Goodyear welt construction. 9.5 shaft; 1.5 heel; Wellington vamp; nickel buckles; unlined.  NOT ALL COLORS ARE SUBJECT TO THE SALE PRICE.SHOE PARLOR WILL NOT OFFER FREE SHIPPING ON ANY EXCHANGES!SALE.  All orders are subject to availability.

High - end, "Best" award Montrail Namche Hikers! Chosen Backpacker magazine's "Spring 2007 Best Fast Packing Boot," now BIG BUCKS OFF in 2008! Guess what, it's still the best! Here's exactly why

Rugged, solid, and ready to navigate the urban jungle with Dr. Martens? 8053 oxford. Hitting the pavement never felt so great with the durable Goodyear welt construction and a PVC Air Cushioned outsole. Dr. Martens? signature yellow stitching and 5-eyelet design will make your trek over the slippery slopes of commerce, a stylish one.

Handsewn construction, soft leather upper with waxy finish, contour cushioned insole, cushioned insert and flexible rubber sole. Imported. Color BLACK is black with brown trim.

The Puma Complete Concinnity running shoe is designed for the neutral runner and mild overpronator looking for the most uncomplicated shoe available to fulfill your running needs. The asymmetrical lacing combined with natural materials offers outstanding fit and comfort. The innovative shape of the shoe and the one-piece outsole provide provide an extremely smooth ride and enhance the dynamic stability of your foot by reducing overpronation in a natural way. Breathable air mesh upper with 3M reflective material and internal lace wrap system. KMS-Lite CMEVA midsole with IdCELL in the heel and forefoot. Internal ArchTec torsion support, rounded heel geometrics and medial dual density. Medial flare provides reduced pronation and pronation velocity, M2D offers additional stability. EverRide-UniTech outsole with specific lug configuration for best flexibility. EverTrack rubber in the heel. Wt. 9.9 oz.

The New Balance MF990 football shoe has a lightweight performance synthetic upper with high-abrasion lining. Foam padded collar and breathable mesh tongue. N-Lock midfoot support system. Medial Stability Web. Three-quarter EVA midsole. I.S.S. foot support system. Seven-stud detachable Pebax plate with asymmetrical toe cleat placement. Wt. 14.4 oz.

From Ariat, this Cascade 8 boot adds style and class to your hiking boot. The leather upper showcases a flared, flat tassel, and the rubber sole is oil- and slip-resistant, as well as non-marking.	These are the mens Cascade 8 inch boot with a premium full-grain leather upper and a Goodyear welt construction. This boot is unlined and has a 90 degree heel.

Unique UniSole construction maximizes traction through increased contact with the mat. Integrated lace cover conforms to high school, collegiate and international regulations. Wt. 9.6 oz.

Ever wish that you could tell your boss to take a hike? Now you can - but only if you're wearing Wolverine 3778 Black Durashocks Steel-Toe Waterproof EH Hikers. Only...make sure you offer your advice with a smile, or the boss might not understand. The full-grain, natural leather looks great in basic black, with black laces running through accenting chrome loops. Wolverine gives you waterproof performance leather together with full-grain that doesn't just look stylish, it stands up when you need it to. Dri-Lex lining wicks moisture away from feet on the inside, banishing wetness from your feet. Fiberglass shanks support your weight, reducing stress in leg muscles so you'll feel nothing but the comfortable softness of full-cushion polymer footbeds. These removable, dual-density footbeds give you layers of easy-to-clean comfort. Polyurethane midsoles offer impact-resistance, so you'll never have to break stride because of harsh flooring. It all adds up to equally comfortable, sturdy support. Direct-attach construction brings the leather and Vibram rubber outsoles together, giving you a secure base to rest feet upon. Wolverine's Durashocks technology gives you superior traction, while reducing impact and feet fatigue. The Vibram lug outsoles, with a deep-cut tread pattern, help you maintain footing with slip-resistance. The soles are also non-marking and oil-resistant, so walk where you please, without fear of sole corrosion. Need even more when you're on the job? Rely on electrical hazard certification to keep electronic equipment safe, while steel toes meet standard safety requirements. Want to take your style to the next level of comfort? Buy Wolverine 3778 Black Durashocks Steel-Toe Waterproof EH Hikers - but don't just take our word for it. Rely on Wolverine's 30-day comfort guarantee, and try these Made in the USA hikers out on the trail. For a little variety, check out the 3779 brown version of this hiker. Sizes Manufactured

Authentic western styling made to look like dad's boots. A great value in a true cowboy boot. Available in peanut brittle or black, toddler sizes 4 thru 8, and children's sizes 8 1/2 thru 3-all medium widths. Imported, man-made foot & top.

Jensen offers comfort with a cute slip-on style. Stretch buck upper allows flexibility and elastic goring makes on/ off easy. Elevated rubber heel gives traction.

Established in Rockford, Michigan in 1883, Wolverine is an iconic American brand that combines superior materials with timeless craftsmanship. Wolverine boots are built to withstand the toughest of environments and provide all day comfort. Today, Wolverine leads the industry with a relentless commitment to innovation and patented technologies including Wolverine Contour Welt, Wolverine MultiShox, Wolverine Durashocks, Wolverine DuraShocks SR and Wolverine Fusion.	The hiking boot style of the Mens Wolverine Brighton Steel-Toe EH Slip Resistant Hiker Work Boots makes for a comfortable and supportive feel that lasts all the way to the end of the work day. The leather and mesh combination uppers retain durability while allowing the boots to have a breathable and comfortable feel. The lightweight nylon shank provides ample rigidity and support while remaining protective. Improve your work day with boots that fit like they were made specifically for you, the Wolverine Men's Brighton Steel-Toe EH Slip Resistant Hiker Work Boots.

sweater pink fabric 65

The Garda from Bandolino captures the carefree spirit of the season. So pretty and fun you'll want to wear it every day, this platform wedge features a soft and feminine flower-print fabric upper and gorgeous wedge heel. The cute open toe completes the breezy look and makes the Garda easy to pair with everything from capris to babydoll dresses.	?Peep toe sling-back on an espadrille wedge.	?Fabric upper.	?Adjustable buckle closure.	?Lightly padded footbed.	?Man-made sole.

Disposable shoe covers with anti-skid tread. (4 boxes of 100 covers). Elastic pulls shoe cover in around top of shoe for better fit. Made from polypropylene. Fits approx. shoe sizes up to a men's 11. 400 pieces (200 pair).

Slip into comfort with L.B. Evans' Darren. This soft suede moccasin has a padded footbed that feels like walking on air and a durable rubber sole to take you from inside to out. Luxury is only a step away.	This modern moccasin is perfect for any time of year. Features a lightweight, year round terry liner. Has an ultra soft suede upper. Full length Memory Foam insole and durable outsole make this shoe perfect for indoor or outdoor use.

Waterproof LaCrosse 10" Max Trax PFT Steel Toe Pac Boots have 1,000-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for a -25 degree to -40 degree F comfort rating! Cold weather comfort and loads of steel protection for the most dangerous work zones

*FRESH-10, 4"STILETTO HEEL

The Marco oxford from Bostonian is made for long days at the office. Classic, cap-toe styling complements suiting, while the leather-lined insole offers breathable comfort.	Good looks are just one of the Bostonian Marco's many attributes, along with superbleather, sophisticated style, and superior construction. Blendingtimeless European style and contemporary flair, Marco is the idealBostonian for dress or tailored casual occasions. A pre-flexed leathersole, cushioned heel, and soft leather linings buffer the foot -wicking away moisture, preventing irritation, and reducing step shock. A unique stitched construction combines durability and flexibility in this men's dress shoe. This classic Bostonian oxford features a soft, supple leather upper, which requires no break-in! Showcase timeless style with the Bostonian Marco!

These top ten highs from Adidas are a classic example of Adidas' great court shoes. These white sneakers feature navy stripes and navy and red accents. No matter what your style, you'll look great in these sneakers from Adidas.

coyl black paris 85

What's a great backhand worth if your feet are sloppy? Take your game from chump to champ with the adidas a3 Accelerator men's tennis shoes. Don't get us wrong; we're not trying to insinuate that you are a chump. You may very well be the master of the court. Discounting Federer, you just might be the most incredible tennis player since the invention of the game. If you are Federer, then give us a call; we'd love to chat.The adidas a3 Accelerator men's tennis shoes add the perfect mix of style and sport-specific technology to help you achieve greatness. The technology that we talk about here like the adiTUFF open mesh upper and the a3 Microride Cushioning System are things you can forget about. Seriously; they work without any motivation, other than your foot being inside the shoe. Success has never been easier than with the adidas a3 Accelerator men's tennis shoes.

Soft full-grain leather or synthetic upper with anodized soft touch finish. Tongue made of 3D space mesh provides breathability and comfort. CMEVA midsole and midfoot shank wrapped inside to produce comfort and stability.  Weight 9.6 oz.

ROGUE Shoe products and their approach to business are inspired in large part by the place they call home -- Portland, Oregon. From Lewis and Clark to Gus Van Sant, it's a city known for rogues, mavericks, and adventurers. They celebrate that spirit when they can -- and sometimes when they shouldn't.

The original Yaktrax design, Yaktrax Walk is a lightweight and easy to use ice-traction device. Perfect for pedestrians, professionals and the elderly, the Walk provides greater stability while walking on snow or ice. The Yaktrax Walk reduces the risk of falls and injuries while walking to school, work, or just to the mailbox.

The ASICS GEL-Trail Attack II running shoe is designed for the trail runner seeking lightweight performance with a stable, supportive platform and superior grip on challenging terrain. GEL Cushioning System provides rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation at initial trail impact and propulsion phases. Performance Trail Platform in the midsole adds a broad, stable base and is contoured to cradle the foot to help prevent lateral ankle sprains. Performance Trail outsole with reversed lugs provides uphill and downhill traction with forefoot protection against stone bruises. Wt. 10.5 oz.

The Superstar was introduced in 1969 as the first low-top basketball shoe featuring an all-leather upper and the now-famous rubber shell toe. By the mid 70s, three-quarters of all NBA players were wearing the new shell toe shoes from Adidas, and the Superstar has been in production ever since. Truly a classic, the Superstar II features a soft tumbled leather upper, a rubber cupsole with herringbone traction design, and a die-cut EVA insert for added comfort. About Adidas The vision of company founder Adolf Dassler has long become reality, and his corporate philosophy the guiding principle for successor generations. The idea was as simple as it was brilliant. Adi Dasslers aim was to provide every athlete with the best possible equipment. It all began in 1920, when Adi Dassler made his first shoes using the few materials available after the First World War. The Adidas name dates back to 1948, deriving from the first two syllables of Adi Dasslers first and last name. One year later, Adi Dassler registered the Three Stripes as a trademark. After a period spanning almost 70 years, the Dassler Family withdrew from the company in 1989, and the enterprise was transformed into a corporation ("Aktiengesellschaft"). French-born Robert Louis-Dreyfus was Chairman of the Executive Board from April 1993 to March 2001. It was he who initiated Adidas flotation on the stock market in November 1995. Adidas--a name that stands for competence in all sectors of sport around the globe. Today, the Adidas product range extends from shoes, apparel and accessories for basketball, soccer, fitness and training to adventure, trail and golf.	An adidas original since 1969, the Superstar II retro shoes are a timeless classic that is a must-have for anyone who appreciates great footwear. The Superstars were the premier retro shoes for players that showed as much individuality on the court as you show on the street. This pair of kicks features

-40 degree Swamp Boots... WATERPROOF WARMTH at HUGE SAVINGS! These fantastic -40 degree Swamp Boots are just the footwear for bow hunters, gun hunters and trappers alike. Check out the features

Dingo Women's Slouch Boots, SAVE BIG! Sexy Western flair! Stylish pigskin leather uppers; Composite outsole for long-wearing grip; Permanent, synthetic leather lining and padded insole; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Metal toe accent hardware; Each is approx. 10"h., and a barely there 11 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order yours today! Women's Dingo Slouch Boots, Grape

The Campus 14L boot from Frye has a look of years gone by and will continue on for years to come. This classic boot has a buttery leather upper, a roomy round toe with contrast welt stitching, and interior pull tabs for easier on/off. It also features soft leather linings, a stacked wooden heel, and a cushioned insole with genuine Goodyear welt construction for maximum support. Made in USA.	The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey.  Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.

The traditional workboot style of the Sierra boot from Ariat is perfect for both everyday work and wear. The beautifully crafted rugged leather upper has soft feel and a worn-in appeal.The Duratread outsole and cushioned insole will provide all the comfort and durability that you need while the steel toe will get the job done.	These are the mens Sierra work boot with premium full-grain leather upper and a full vamp. They have a Goodyear Welt construction and a heavy duty oil and slip resistant Duratred outsole.

Full-grain nubuck upper, three-point harness with ring, padded insole, steel shank support, stacked heel, lug rubber outsole.

The Puma Siena is an evolved version of the Puma Rio which was first designed for soccer professionals in 1966 as the industry's first boot to add rubber compounds to the toe box for added ball control. The Puma Siena is a men's casual shoe with a plush leather upper, EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

You'll get a classically fashionable look from Propt's Breeze Walker sandal, but it'll also bring you the ultimate in comfort. Multiple Velcro closures and a soft, faux suede insole with thick padding and breathable perforations will soothe and cushion your foot.	Propet Breeze Walker Nubuck Sandals for women. From narrow to extra, extra wide... you're sure to find your size! Enjoy the warm summer breeze in these comfortable Breeze Walker Sandals

5 inch Heel Pump Women's Size Shoe With Closed Toe.

Men's Converse Steel Toe Athletic Crosstrainers. These Converse Steel Toe Athletic Crosstrainers give you comfort and protection you'd never expect from Athletic Shoes

An updated lightweight performance tennis shoe.  This technical version evolved from the classic QuikTrac Ti shoe, offering the same comfortable fit, with enhanced stability features and high-performance cushioning.

Ballet flats are all the rage, but some are more comfortable than others. Enter the Fallon from Walking Cradles, a combo of sleek style and coddling softness thats hard to beat. A pliable leather upper gets a dose of dazzle from studs and topstitching at toe and heel, while a pillowy soft footbed welcomes feet for all-day bliss. The flexible outsole helps pass the miles with smiles, too.	Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!

BCBGeneration delivers a unique blend of uncompromising fashion. Now you can have glorious style without skimping on all-day comfort, and with a variety of different looks, you're bound to find just the right complement to any outfit. Versatile enough for casual and dress, BCBGeneration provides the unlikely combination of maturity and playfulness in every style.

MEN'S DIESEL SUEDE LIBRA * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--DIESEL "D" CALENDAR OUTSOLE * MIDSOLE--EVA* MEDIUM WIDTH .75" HEEL HEIGHT * USE LEATHER CLEANER* IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE ORIGINALLY-$60.00 NOW-

Since 1959, ellesse has been defined by spirit and style. It began when an Italian tailor, Leonardo Servadio, fused a passion for skiing and tennis with a flair for couture. This resulted in skiwear and tennis collections that looked as good as they felt and fit as well as they performed. Servadio first branded his garments with the initials L.S., which then became the brand name "ellesse". A new concept was born

The sporty Nevis toe thong from Columbia Sportswear is like a little slice of heaven for your feet. This multi-functional sandal has a nubuck upper with a neoprene trim and interlining for a supremely flexible fit, a generously cushioned molded EVA insole with a Serdia anti-odor treated covering, and a high abrasion rubber outsole for sure footing and balance on most surfaces. The Nevis will add an overload of comfort with premium style to your casual summer wardrobe.	Sandals that are made for an active lifestyle!  These Nevis sandals feature a nubuck upper with stretch mesh underlay, a molded EVA with Serdia anti-odor treated covering, EVA midsole for cushioning and a non-marking Omni-Grip rubber compound with lug tread pattern.

cult 26011 bbk 5.5

This flattering, curve-enhancing boot from Leg Avenue is sure to turn heads. Its glossy upper shows off its charming button detailing while the tall, daring heel lends you a dramatic lift.	5.5 inch Heel Ankle Cowgirl Boot Women's Size Shoe With Chunky Heel.

Walk in the total comfort of the rugged Timberland windchill chukka boots. It features a full-grain waterproof leather upper with a comfortable, padded collar and a rubber lug outsole for superior traction and durability. Waterproof leather upper with rustproof hardware. Padded insole. Superior traction lug outsole.

If you were a chair umpire in the 70s and 80s you knew not to mess with Nasty. Ilie Nastase was known for two things

NikWax Fabric and Leather Pack is a twin-pack cleaner and protector that is applied to clothing, leather and accessories. The cleaner safely removes dirt mold insects and grease while revitalizing the look of your fabric and leather. Applying NikWax is easy just add your items to the washing machine add NikWax and wash.

Comfortable and attractive, what more can you ask for.	Adjustable ankle strap for perfect fit.	Fabric or leather upper.	Padded footbed.	Easy-to-wear wide heel ideal for outdoor wear.

Focus on a dynamic look with the Johnston & Murphy Halsey Kiltie Tassel loafer. This handsome, moccasin-inspired men's slip-on shoe has a woven forefoot and tassels for suave, sporty appeal. Inside, leather lines the interior for a seamless and enduring fit. Flexible, handsewn Littleway construction and an EVA-cushioned insole ensure you'll get years of comfortable wear from the Johnson & Murphy Halsey Kiltie Tassel loafer.

Root your favorite team to victory in the Collegiate Beach clog from crocs. It features the same design as the Beach and the croslite fabrication you've come to know and love, but in a slew of new colors with printed team logos.	Comfortable, cool, and molds to your feet. Orthotic foot bed; advanced toe-box ventilation system. Slip-resistant and non-marking soles. Anti-microbial and odor resistant. Ergonomic italian styling; wide, roomy foot bed; made with croslite PCCR material. Buoyant; weighs only ounces.

Carolina 10" Linesman Boots for a great mix of durability and stability for your hard - working feet! If a rugged pair of Boots is what you're looking for, the search is over. A heavy-duty steel shank for stability, tough Vibram rubber outsole and durable black leather uppers will stand up to your everyday tasks. Wallop your "to-do" list

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	When the road bites, bite back! Columbia Omnitorial Hikers deliver sure-grip comfort. BIG BUCKS OFF! Big name, little price. Tough suede leather and breathable mesh uppers; Rubber Omni-Grip outsole for all-terrain traction; Impact-absorbing EVA midsole; Removable, nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Wicking mesh lining; Long-wearing rubber toe cap; Each is approx. 5" h., and a light 15 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Comfort awaits. Meet the challenges by ordering now! Men's Columbia Omnitorial Hikers, Brown / Yellow

duke black pulsar 120

OK, guys, here's the sneaky little plan... ...you tell the keeper of the purse-strings (that's my sweetie, anyway) you need $50, $60 bucks for some quality casual-athletic shoes, to last you the next few years. A reasonable request. Then you get these Reebok Classics and pocket the big difference! For comfort, quality and "fun money" to spare

WORX by Red Wing 5429 Steel Toe EH Pull-on Metatarsal Boots stand guard over your feet! Work easier, safer and better with WORX Metatarsal Boots. Superior heat protection. Excellent oil, gas, chemical and abrasion protection. Incredible traction, and comfort on concrete. There's more

SL-1. The New Balance 720 is a well-cushioned supportive running shoe with a long heritage of fit and performance. Lightweight and breathable air mesh upper with reflective detail. C-CAP CMEVA midsole offers cushioning and flexibility. Higher density CMEVA medial post gives pronation control. ABZORB in heel and forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption. Stability Web adds superior support in midfoot while reducing overall weight. N-Durance rubber compound outsole provides maximum durability in high wear areas. Blown rubber forefoot is lightweight and cushioned. Wt. 12.1 oz.

liner turq leather 65

liner turq leather 60

The Under Armour Metal Speed MC football shoe features a performance mesh upper with synthetic overlays provides lightweight performance and unmatched breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wicks moisture keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Direct injected molded external heel counter for outstanding fit and heel hold. Full-length glass fiber reinforced nylon shank offers lightweight midfoot support and rigidity. UA Performance insole with Gel Grid cushioning system in heel for maximum shock absorption and Poron Prozorb forefoot insert for cushioning and moisture management. Dual Plate Technology - TPU heel and Pebax forefoot. With DPT the shoe is lighter, more flexible and offers better overall comfort and performance. Molded TPU cleats in Perimeter pattern with two additional center cleats provide maximum traction and minimizes cleat pressure. Progressive Traction cleat shape offers outstanding ground penetration and push-off while maintaining rotational capability. Wt. 12.0 oz.

Waterproof / breathable Irish Setter 12" Elk Tracker GORE-TEX Hikers. Great for summer hiking! Rugged outsole provides the traction you need. Steel shank to give you support. 12" upper to guard you from tall brush. And their flex welt construction allows your feet to move comfortably with the terrain. Check them out

Super soft full-grain leather upper with quilted vamp, microfiber ankle lining. Lightweight TPU-injected bi-density outsole with biomechanically correct Ground Control stud configuration and DuoFlex technology.

Soft full-grain leather upper with perfed leather tongue, spandex collar internal bootie construction adds comfort and breathability, polyurethane sockliner provides cushioning and comfort, TPU midsole XBeam with 3D transparent visual, blown rubber herringbone outsole increases traction and cushioning. Wt. 14.7 oz.

At the end of the day, you can't beat the comfort of the all-leather Duke scuff slipper from L.B. Evans. The soft, breathable leather upper and lining, along with the cushioned, supportive footbed will give your tired feet the rest they need. Classic styling with a simple stitch and lace detail around the toe projects a sophisticated look.	Kick back in style with the Duke Scuff slipper from L.B. Evans. The leather upper and lining not only look classic, but they're comfortable, too. Stitching detail enhances this classic indoor shoe.

Women's and Kids' Roper Chunks Boots have fine lookin' Western style! Roper's Chunks definitely make a Western style statement! They're crafted of quality leather with a faux ostrich print that's very "convincing" and embellished with contrasting floral embroidery. You can buy with confidence! Everything you buy from us here at Bargain Outfitters is backed by our ironclad 100% assurance of YOUR satisfaction! Ostrich print leather uppers; Removable EVA cushioned comfort insoles; Moisture wicking leather and fabric linings; Forged steel shank for excellent support and stability; Lightweight, flexible blown rubber lug soles and heels; Cemented construction for durability and comfort; Each is approx. 7" h., 16 ozs. State Color and Size. Order for you and for the kids today! Women's Roper Chunks Boots

Make baby steps as comfortable as possible in these Toddler's Jungle Moc Junior shoes from Merrell. From crawling to furniture surfing, these functional shoes feel best with light to mid-weight socks and booties. The design easily slips on and off little feet, adding to the convenience of fuss-free wardrobe changes when you're transitioning between the car seat or cycle trailer to the crib. If you're looking for small footwear for summer months and tropical vacations, take a moment to check out the cool fit and convenience of Merrell's Toddler's Reactor Sandal Junior..

Work pizzazz! New Georgia Boot Steel Toe Comfort Core& Boots are comfortable chorebusters. SAVE BIG! Showroom-sharp as a new car! Who's wearing the coolest Boots on the job? YOU, of course. That is, with your feet planted in these beauties by famous Georgia Boot. Just look at their stance. Tough. Ready to go. Made to last. Due to a discontinued style, BIG bucks are kicked off the usual out-the-go price. Get yours! Performance

6" Heel Sandal.

Carolina 4x4 Steel Toe Slip - ons, SAVE BIG! Carolina rugged quality that's a little deceptive... not that the excellence is deceptive, but who would think a steel toe lurks beneath these cool-looking casuals? Here's what else is built in

Danner Agitator 45 GTX Hikers... tough as a billy goat, sleek as a deer. Lightweight, too! Lace up the Boots that'll rule the trails for years to come! The Agitator 45 GTX is Danner's lightest, sleekest full-strength hiking option yet. With invincible cement construction and a five-point overstitch that connects the upper and midsole / outsole, it's durability that lasts for years. Keeps you strong and stable on hillsides and loose ground, with an ultra secure fit and great cushioning for the long haul. More

Birkenstock is known for comfort, and this kids' Boston clog provides just that. With its toebar to help your toes grip, lots of arch support, and a shock absorbent outer sole, these Birkenstocks are great for casual hikes, strolls in the park, and relaxing on a summer day.	Birkenstock Boston Kids Casual Shoe. The suede lined, contoured footbed will mold to the shape of your foot creating a custom footbed that supports and cradles you each and every step. Adjustable strap for custom fit and a casual style. A foam layer is inserted between the cork layer and the suede liner of our original footbed. Flexible EVA outsole offers lightweight, shock absorbing support with lasting durability.

liner black leather 85

liner black leather 80

Take your casual style to new heights with the Elevation sneaker from Volatile. It features a traditional lace-up front and logo detailing, but its sits on a daringly tall heel and platform to lend you a lift.	Volatile shoes are as stylish and comfortable as they look, and they are the best shoes to stay a step ahead of all the latest fashion trends. The styling is edgy and fresh (and surprise -- they're comfortable!). With these sandals, shoes, fashion sneakers, and boots, you'll have the latest looks (and the greatest comfort) that will last you all day long ... and right into the evening.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Men's Clarks Discover Slip - Ons. So comfortable... ... it's like wearing slippers to work! OK... well maybe they're not that comfortable, but they're about as close as you can get in a casual, everyday shoe. Just slip them on and walk out the door. The shock-absorbing Ortholite insole and rich leather uppers will take care of your feet with cushy comfort and a flexible fit. And the look? Well, you'll find that they get along great with just about anything in your closet. Discover a Shoe so comfortable you'll want to wear it every day! Shoe-in style and fit

Open-cell mesh upper with leather trim, EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

The Rocky Western 2732 features full-grain leather with a leather lining and a standard round toe and welt construction. Rocky Western's Original Ride footbed features a unique two-part, high-cushioned system enhances shock absorption, flexibility and comfort.

Kitson - heard of it? We bet you have. Everytime a celebrity is photographed having just scored bags of new finds on a shopping spree, chances are she's being spotted leaving Kitson, LA's trendsetting boutique. These sneakers are inspired by the LA fashion vibe for which Kitson is famous.	The Kitson "Fad Sketch"  in the  black/pink real embroidery color combo is  a very limted release shoe from the Designers at where the stars shop, Kiston LA.

Featuring optimal comfort and lightweight support, the Under Armour Bomber Metal baseball shoe is built for elite players seeking every advantage possible. Synthetic leather and breathable mesh upper provides lightweight performance and maximum breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture, keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. TPU abrasion resistant toe guard adds maximum durability. Direct injection molded external heel counter allows removal of internal heel counter, reducing weight and adding comfort. Full-length EVA midsole delivers added comfort, cushioning and dispersing of cleat pressure. Performance insole with Gel Grid cushioning system in heel offers maximum shock absorption and Poron ProZorb forefoot insert gives cushioning and moisture management. Dual Plate Technology for lighter shoe with more flexibility. Heel and forefoot plates are TPU of different densities-heel is softer for better shock absorption, forefoot is firmer for better response and push off. Rotational Traction cleat configuration optimizes rotational capability. TPU performance outsole plates with metal spikes and secondary TPU cleats. Wt. 15.6 oz.

function openReview(url){window.open(url,'ReadReview', 'toolbar=no,location=no,directories=no,status=no,menubar=no,scrollbars=no,resizable=yes,width=600,height=600');}A fast, aggressive high jump shoe inspired by the finesse and power of world-class high jumpers. Asymmetrical midsole provides a support wedge for the foot-plant and jump phase. SpEVA midsole adds bounce back to assist in approach phase. SharkDuo sole offers increased traction on various outdoor track surfaces. Comes with 9mm tiered spikes and wrench. (Left foot takeoff only). Wt. 10.5 oz.

These Mountain Trails Slip-on Mocs are almost too good to be true! Slip-on convience, casual comfort... and ON SALE! Mountain Trails is a lesser-known brand from famous maker Roper. So you're essentially getting all the Roper quality, without the big-name price. Comfortable, durable, stylish and oh-so-easy to slip into after a hard day earning the bread. Wear 'em anywhere

Stylish Women's Snow Boots. Go-go boots? Nope. But they are warm, and they are good looking! Hip synthetic uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Removable, nylon-lined and padded insole; Comfortable faux fur lining; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out water / debris; Velcro closure adjustment; Each is approx. 9 1/2"h., 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Get a crater-size bargain today! Women's Snow Boots, Pink

Extremely durable front zip paddock boots feature a YKK zipper, spur rests and perforated toecap.

Coated surface of the Easy Slider 24 inch Shoehorn makes it easy for the foot to slide into the shoe. Textured grip handle is easy to grasp. Enameled steel shaft.Easy Slider 24 inch Shoehorn Features

Volatile shoes are as stylish and comfortable as they look, and they are the best shoes to stay a step ahead of all the latest fashion trends. The styling is edgy and fresh (and surprise -- they're comfortable!). With these sandals, shoes, fashion sneakers, and boots, you'll have the latest looks (and the greatest comfort) that will last you all day long ... and right into the evening.	The VOLATILE REVOLUTION will start something new. This great shell toe sneaker really changes it up. High bottom with Signature "V" on the side. available in blue and pink. We recommend that you go up a half size when you purchase this style. Wedge height

adidas' Corner Blitz 7 MD Mid football shoes for men feature durable, lightweight synthetic leather and breathable mesh uppers, a combination of lace-up and a hook-and-loop closure along the vamps, injected EVA mid-soles for added cushioning and molded rubber cleat out-soles for a winning combination of comfort and performance. Get the grip and support you need on the field with these dynamic football shoes.	The Adidas Corner Blitz 7 FB2 Mid football shoes for men have a winning combination of comfort and performance. This pair of shoes features

One Box (144 Pieces) Try On Footsox.

This waterproof suede boot from Sorel features a lightweight design with an easy-to-use zipper.  Thanks to Thinsulate insulation and full faux fur lining, the boot is temperature-rated to -25 degrees Fahrenheit, making it a great way to defend yourself against inclement weather.	Sorel comfort, style, and quality; the Sorel Women's Snow Angel Zip snow boots will make you feel like youre walking on clouds. The water proof suede leather upper is accented by the stylish and inviting fully lined faux fur interior. The injection molded waterproof thermal rubber shell is backed by a mult-directional lug outsole for superior comfort and traction. The Womens Sorel Snow Angel Zip welcomes the winter with comfort and convenience at the ready..

An original tennis shoe thats both comfortable and stylish. Combination nubuck and nylon mesh upper with one-piece solid polyurethane midsole/outsole.

Bearpaw's Aspen clogs have a soft, shearling, fleece footbed to keep your PAWS feeling good!  The soft suede upper has a rounded, roomy toe and a chic side buckle.  The Aspen clogs comes in a variety of classic colors and look great with jeans, shorts, or a skirt!  Actual color may vary due to the inconsistencies in the process of dying and variations in natural products such as suede and sheepskin.  It is recommended to treat shoes with a water-proofing spray for suede products before wearing outdoors.  The Clausette's Shipping Information

Molded quarters add reinforcement. Stability and ankle support. Outsole is lightweight, flexible and shock-absorbing.

Top of the range, high mileage training shoe offering cushioning, fit and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper with Scotchlite reflective material for night running safety and Achilles Flex Notch. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with a medial post and a midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC adds responsive forefoot cushioning. E.A.S. System to help properly guide and support the foot through the gait cycle. XT-900 carbon rubber and XT-Lite outsole provides traction, durability, cushioning and flexibility, flex grooves, Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Weight 13.5 oz.

Visionary designer Donald J Pliner launched his line of luxury footwear and accessories in 1989, and immediately established a reputation for innovative design and high style for both men and women. Creative director Lisa Pliner, Donald's wife and frequent model for the innovative ad campaigns, works side-by-side with him to develop each new collection, inserting her artist's vision into the designs, colors and textures. Even the Pliner's pure white Maltese, BabyDoll is in the act, inspiring her own successful clothing line.  Today this global brand, manufactured in both Italy and Spain, has established a cult-like following among people who were originally attracted by the fashion-forward styles, but return again and again for the craftsmanship.

Blending in was never important to Chuck Taylor. But these patterned versions of the classic All Star shoe just might work for you. Each model features a sun-faded camoflage look, designed for your fashion sense. Vulcanized rubber outsole for increased traction and flexibility.

One of the most popular styles for all age groups. Shorter height fits great under or over pants. 100% premium wool fleece wicks moisture away moisture. Naturally thermostatic, sheepskin maintains body temperature in warm or cold climates. Genuine fleece sock liner means ultra snuggly comfort and warmth. Classic outsole with lightweight EVA that is flexible and has solid traction. The Classic Short is about 9 inches tall. Classics are Unisex. Women can wear Men's Classics. Women, order two sizes down from your normal street shoe size. For example size 9 would order Men's 7.

This Harness boot was built to last just for you, and you know Dingo is a name you can trust to provide you with a stylish boot that is full of function. This motorcycle boot has a durable, oily leather upper with silver hardware, pull tabs on each side of the shaft for convenience, and a heavy-duty, oil-resistant rubber outsole for a solid and clean step every time. So on top of looking good, you'll feel good too.	Take a walk on the wild side with the Dingo Harness - Womens. This women's boot will spice up any outfit with its all over leather upper. A comfort cushion insole keeps your feet comfortable all day long. The harness strap adds a western flair to this style. This Dingo boot also has a neoprene outsole. Get that rough and tough look with the Dingo Harness - Womens.

Evoke scenes from Dr Zhivago with the toasty Dinara boot from Naturalizer. From the cozy faux fur fleece lining to the sturdy rubber blend wedge heel, this boot is destined to become your favorite winter wardrobe staple. Wear them folded down with stirrup slacks for the ultimate after-ski look, or zipped all the way up for comfort with a skirt, sweater, and leggings.	Experience a sweet epiphany in the Naturalizer Dinara boot. Featuring a faux suede upper with a faux fur accent on the shaft, this women's boot has a zipper closure for ease of wearing. A rubber sole lends traction to the Naturalizer Dinara boot.

The Mack boot takes your son into all kinds of rough terrain without worries about stumbles and mishaps. The protective ankle padding snugly fits growing feet, durable laces provide a secure fit, and a grooved outsole keeps his feet firmly planted.	Handy synthetic nubuck boot featuring a plain round toe, a padded collar, laces and a water-resistant sole.

When the great outdoors beckons, answer the call in the comfort and security of Timberland's rugged Premium. The hardy leather boot sports quadruple stitching and metal grommets for an indestructible approach to adventuring, with a high rubber traction sole that anchors your steps so you can focus on the trail ahead. Additional highlights include a padded fold-over shaft, laced vamp and rounded toe for chafe-free performance and--bonus--one slick, stylish pairing with cargo shorts and a tank.	We're proud to offer Timberland 6-Inch Premium Waterproof the original Timberland boot, designed specifically to fit womens' feet. Timberland is offering this classic style for nearly 40 years and made some improvements along the way, such as the addition of our exclusive anti-fatigue comfort technology, but our six-inch boots remain just as sturdy and dependable as always. Crafted in premium waterproof leather with seam-sealed construction to keep your feet dry regardless of the weather, these Timberland 6-Inch Premium Waterproof also feature rugged rubber lug outsoles for durability and traction on both dry and wet surfaces and an EVA midsole for cushiony all-day comfort.

A higher interpretation of the original Chuck Taylor Hi Top basketball shoe, the leather upper adds style and fun to this silhouette that's perfect for casual wear.

jumpp green fabric 65

Corcoran 10" Historic Leather Jump Boots... keep your feet safe and secure when you hit the ground! High impact lifestyles demand a high-quality boot! These Jump Boots have all the cushion and support you need to leap confidently from a helicopter or plane, and hit the ground without sharp foot shock. These babies feature a Poron cushioned insole that's specifically designed to absorb the blast from a hard landing. This Boot has internal ankle support to keep you stepping securely at impact. And you'll always look your best with smooth, "spit-shineable" black leather uppers. Look out below

Winter Road Shoe. NEW Millenium II Sole. NEW Outlast Thermal Management Material. Neoprene cuff with VELCRO closure. Billow between tongue and upper for optimal seal. Three VELCRO Straps. Replaceable heel tab. Molded Plastic Heel Cup.

The RYK Veritas Mule is a balanced slip-on that offers fit, comfort and cushioning. Mesh and synthetic leather upper provides lightweight, breathable support, uni-tongue construction adds improved flexibility with added comfort. Molded, removable Nitracel Engage sockliner offers personal fit with enhanced cushioning. Dual-density EVA medial posting increases stability. E.T.S. Cushioning Cartridge in rearfoot with Nitrogen and RIF foams brings cushioning, comfort and rebound. Wt. 8.4 oz.

Authentic western styling made to look like dad's boots.  A great value in a true cowboy boot. Available in peanut brittle or black, toddler sizes 4 thru 8, and children's sizes 8 1/2 thru 3-all medium widths. Imported, man-made foot & top.

Go back to the basics with the sandal that started it all, the Newport from KEEN. The secure fit strap design adjusts for a comfortable fit, and the washable nubuck leather looks good while remaining weather-resistant. The rubber outsole features a multi-directional lug pattern and razor siping for the right traction over wet and dry surfaces. The metatomical footbed conforms to your foot's shape for personalized comfort that's way beyond ordinary.	Designed with an emphasis on comfort and foot protection, Keen's top-selling Newports are a runaway hit among sailing enthusiasts and boaters. This durable sport sandal features a patented toe cap that keeps your feet protected from underwater rocks, sharp obstructions and unruly crustaceans. Beneath the strappy waterproof leather upper is a hydrophobic foam liner and an anatomical footbed treated with an Aegis anti-microbial finish. The quick lace system requires minimal adjustments, so you're ready on deck in seconds..

#462811

A combination of elements creates the unique comfort found in H.S. Trask footwear. Clearly, one of the important elements is leather. The Bison, Elk and Longhorn leathers they use have unique fiber characteristics and their special tanning techniques enhance these qualities -- you can feel the difference the moment you put the shoes on. H.S. Trask uses the highest quality components in their shoes including cushion orthotics, soft midsoles, high-grade outsoles, and fully lined vamps and quarters. Whenever there is a choice between leather and plastic, they always choose leather.	Our Bluebell handcrafted loafers add sophistication to any outfit. The outsoles include rubber inserts and heel toplift for flexibility and slip resistance. Added cushioning comes in the form of a gel pak insert at the forepart of the shoe.

jumpp black fabric 90

The men's 609 crosstraining shoes from New Balance feature a leather upper for a great fit. The key features are

jumpp black fabric 95

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	Men's Florsheim Drexel Dress Oxfords. These classic moc-toe Oxfords keep you comfortable and looking great at work all week long

The classic all-around beach and casual wear "Flip-Flops" They are comfortable, casual fitting and are perfect in any scenario. Flip-Flops and Sandals are delivered in a sealed, clear plastic bag with a custom shoe hanger.All MauiShirts garments are Made in Hawaii. These Hawaiian island favorites display genuine, authentic, Paradise Found or Diamond Head Sportswear labels. Two marks of quality and originality for over 35 years.

Natural Comfort - Fashion Forward Footwear that Feels Good!!!! Girls today no longer have to sacrifice comfort for fashion! Originally founded in the early 1970's, Natural Comfort has been resurrected with one of it's founding designers creating hip shoes with comfort for today. Using a mix of original designs, from more than 3 decades ago, and today's shoe making technologies, Natural Comfort has relaunched itself into the 21st Century, creating one of the freshest "new again" shoe collections in the market. Natural Comfort was always known for hot styles, are also known for being extremely comfortable. With the incorporation of a cushy foam insole, that retains it's shape, into all of their shoes, they have created the perfect marriage between styling and comfort. Now girls can walk tall, look hot, and feel good doing it...	The Natural Comfort TM93 shoes feature a leather upper with a peep toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

The Garmont Nasty clog is an everyday casual, urban and Apr's sport shoe that easily slips on and off. Garmont use their Rhinostrike traction sole that, on wet surfaces, still gives you a grippy sole and traction. The EVA mid-sole give a soft and stable support for a short hike or prolonged time on your feet. The upper is made from leather with a QDS lining that is water resistant and breathable. Stay on your feet in comfort.   Other Features

The Mizuno Wave Creation 7 running shoe is engineered for the runner with medium-to-high arches that are rigid or slightly flexible who requires maximum cushioning to give protection from the impact forces of running. Highly ventilated AIRmesh upper. SmoothRide engineered, full-length, three layer Skeleton Wave configuration provides the utmost in protective cushioning. SensorPoint suspension system connects the Wave plate to the ground, enhancing stability and traction. VS-T cushioning compound found in the heel and forefoot. Mizuno Intercool full-length midsole ventilation system reduces heat and humidity build-up inside the shoe. Solid rubber forefoot and X-10 high-density carbon rubber heel offers durability and flexibility. Wt. 12.9 oz.

Named for its feather-like lightness, the RYK Float features a breathable mesh upper and a flexible rubber outsole. This casual women's shoe will carry you through the day in comfort and style.

Multiple lace-up options, triple-stitch construction, breathable mesh upper and rubber outsole.

Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Shoes

What wears longer than leather? 2 layers of leather! Twice as tough! Minnetonka Mocs puts two layers of leather on the sole of these Mocs. This guarantees unbeatable flexibility and incredible wear life. But that's not all you'll love

The Dada Three Man Weave basketball shoe has a synthetic upper with speed lacing system and elastic tongue stabilizers. CMEVA midsole. Non-marking rubber outsole with herringbone traction pattern.

101440GRY42 Features

Stability Web provides superior support in midfoot while reducing overall weight. ABZORB in heel and forefoot provides exceptional shock absorption. Walking Strike Path outsole stabilizes foot through walking gait cycle. High-density CMEVA midsole controls pronation. Synthetic/mesh upper is lightweight and supportive. Wt. 10.4 oz.

Corcoran 10" Jump Boots with Lightweight Outsole... make the leap in complete comfort! High impact lifestyles demand a high-quality boot! These Jump Boots have all the cushion and support you need to leap confidently from a helicopter or plane, and hit the ground without sharp foot shock. These babies feature a Poron cushioned insole that's specifically designed to absorb the blast from a hard landing. This Boot has internal ankle support to keep you stepping securely at impact. And you'll always look your best with smooth, "spit-shineable" leather uppers. Look out below

Every fashionista needs a selection of open-toe ankle boots at her disposal, so you should add this one to your list. Bota from Carlos by Carlos Santana features two adjustable buckles at the ankle, while a spike heel creates a sharp silhouette.	Adopt a take-no-prisoners policy in the alluring Carlos by Carlos Santana Bota, an edgy fashion bootie with a fierce, leather-covered stiletto heel and lightly textured synthetic sole. Wrapped with buckle straps, the supple leather upper of this ankle boot has a full-length inside zipper for easy entry. The Bota's peek-a-boo peep-toe inspires double-takes from passersby.

You'll feel secure on land and on sea in this Mariner boot from Skechers. The extreme tread is designed to keep you upright in all types of terrain and the lugged sole provides great shock absorption. For those who have a hard time getting good fit, it offers a deep toe box and supportive instep. This is a work boot masquerading as an elegant shoe, and it seems destined to become a wardrobe favorite.	You want a boot that will go the distance. Skechers Mariners has the versatility you need, with a lace-up leather upper for a personalized fit and a padded collar to keep you comfortable. The classic lug design outsole features a wedge heel for added stability and shock absorption. Choose Skechers Mariners for a look and fit that are a step beyond.

#862239  The X500 Kontakt Boot Gives you the Firmness you need for High Performance!

Look like you mean business while staying perfectly comfortable. The Nunn Bush Cameron oxford features a soft and breathable leather upper with a moc-style toe and a four-eyelet lace-up design. So even a full day spent on your feet is no problem thanks to a full-length EVA footbed for cushioning and support, and a comfort gel heel pod to absorb lifes bumpy road. A flexible and durable rubber outsole ensures seasons of comfort.	Nunn Bush Cameron LaceMoc toe walking shoe Made with a unique San Crispino Construction Comfort Gel Construction for advanced cushioning and shock absorption Tumbled leather upper Padded collar Removable insert Flexible rubber sole Gripping tread

Espadrille wedge sandal with criss-cross vamp. Suede or leather upper. Stitching detail. Quarter strap has adjustable buckle closure. Lightly padded footbed. Man-made sole. 3 1/4" heel.

Split leather upper for support, rhynoskin reinforcement for durability in the medial, ortholite for moisture and odor control and a lace cover that satisfies regulations.

This performance tennis shoe is a lightweight, updated technical version of the classic Quiktrac Ti shoe. What's more, this shoe offers the same comfortable fit with enhanced, stability features and high-performance cushioning. More Features

202286SAG105 Features

For those nights when the urge for a midnight run overtakes you, you can be sure you'll  look great and stay safe in the dark in the Puma Voltaic casual training shoe. The combination of iCELL cushioning and a highly reflective upper gives this men's casual trainer an opportunity to be seen day or night in a stylish fashion. Its leather upper features reflective 3M material and the midsole offers support and comfort with CMEVA, midfoot TPU shanks and a visible iCELL heel cushioning unit. The two-color EverTrack outsole provides durability and traction.

Football, for the most part, isn't a flexible sport. The rules are stone-set, your coach's playbook is not up for debate, and that 300-pound lineman in front of you isn't very open to suggestion. Let's take a moment to truly recognize the beauty of adidas Scorch D football cleats. In addition to their lightweight and well-ventilated synthetic leather upper, they feature screw-in studs that provide ample traction on even the softest natural field surface.The adidas Scorch D football cleats come with two interchangeable insoles

The Yasmena bag is the ultimate patented handbag and far surpasses the wristlet trend.  The Yasmena bag wears like a bracelet however has an additional ring handle that allows women to wear their handbag with comfort and ease - without the awkwardness of clutching, grabbing or hanging. Yasmena has become the celebrity and red carpet must-have fashion meets function bag.  The Yazzy Bag was launched soon after as a lower price alternative, but still maintains the style and functionality of the Yasmena.When the wristlet trend is over - the Yasmena bag will still be here, as every woman will always need a little bag to 'hold onto' when she goes out.

Show a bit of flash with this women's slide sandal, the Naot Ashley. Set in a leather upper, this Naot sandal is designed in a block style with goring between each leather block accented with rhinestones to give it a distinguished look. This women's sandal features a suede footbed made of latex and cork materials with specialized construction so it will form to the natural shape of your foot. You'll love this comfort and the excellent arch support of this Naot shoe. A slight wedge heel finishes off the sparkling Naot Ashley.

Unlisted from Kenneth Cole footwear combines youthful fashion trends at an affordable price. With different shoes for dress, work and leisure, Unlisted A Kenneth Cole Production makes the most up-to-the minute styles for the fashion-loving shopper.	The Unlisted Kenneth Col Charm-ing shoes feature a textile upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

oh....DEER! shoes are as comfortable as they are stylish! Appropriate for women of all ages, oh....DEER! offers a fashion-forward approach to comfort footwear. This is a fun and whimsical take on traditional comfort footwear made by Deer Stags.

This truly charming satin mule from Moda Spana dresses up your look with pretty cut-outs and jeweled embellishments. Smooth satin uppers shape an open back mule with metallic trim at the collar and a perfectly proportioned 1 3/4 inch squared dress heel.	Moda Spana was founded in 1991 by Sam Chen, a business man who recognized the need for women's quality fashion footwear in the moderate price range. Today, Moda Spana reaches millions of women around the world. They use the best components and materials available to offer quality, fashionable footwear at moderate prices, and create new styles each season to reflect what customers are looking for -- high quality standards and timely, fashionable styles. By using cutting-edge technology and employing a team of talented, professional people, Moda Spana produces a variety of fashion choices for today's consumer while offering value and the highest quality.

Eric Javits, famous for handbags in special textures and quality, now with shoes to match. For more than twenty years, Eric Javits has had an impact on the women's accessories industry with new design directions. The Eric Javits look is instantly recognizable for its down-to-earth glamour. His trademark is elegance with gentility, married to function.

Carlisle Spectrum Boot 'N Shoe brush with polypropylene bristles. It helps eliminate bacteria, refuse, dirt, and other contaminants from being tracked into food processing areas. Chrome Steel tube frame can be securely bolted to the floor for security and convenience. Brushes flip up to expose a steel scraper for removing heavy debris. Non-absorbent plastic block with long lasting Polypropylene bristles. Base resins used to produce blocks and bristles are made of FDA approved materials. 2-1/2-inches bristle trim. 1-inches bristle width. 6-inches overall length. BPA free. Made in USA.

SOFT GENUINE LEATHER STRAP LINED WITH POLYESTER WEBBING, LEATHER STRAP WITH WOVEN SATIN RIBBON IS UNLINED, SOFT POLYESTER WEBBING TOE POST, GENUINE LEATHER FOOT BED IN METALLICS AND SOLIDS, MID-HEIGHT, MEDIUM DENSITY EVA FOOT BED WITH ANATOMICALLY CORRECT ARCH SUPPORT, DURABLE HIGH DENSITY EVA OUTSOLE....

Mizuno Wave Technology and VS-1(TM) work in tandem to provide a cushioning foundation. Superior traction and flexibility. Air-mesh upper with gum rubber outsole.  Weight 11.0 oz.

Womens ROCKPORT Beech Tree Casual

Lightweight non combat boot with DuraShocks(r) comfort technology and easy to clean Warrior leather.

For 400-1,500 meters and 300/400 meter hurdles. MONO-SOCK Fit System gives glove-like fit for security on straights and turns. Full-length EVA midsole provides overall protection. Shark DuoSole heel adds traction for hurdling. Comes with 8mm compression-tiered spikes and wrench. Weight 6.6 oz.

Synthetic/mesh upper, PHF lined heel collar, Biomorphic Fit. SpEVA midsole, visible rearfoot and forefoot "twist" GEL Cushioning Systems, I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System), DuoTruss System, DuoMax medial post. DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug. Weight 11.2 oz.

Shoe Features

Made to bring a smile to your little puddle jumper's face, the Frog rain coat from Western Chief lets your child play all day in the rain. With a durable, waterproof outershell, moisture-absorbent liner for added comfort, and brightly colored frog design, including a hood with pop-out eyes and smile, this coat makes rainy days fun again. To complete the look, pair this coat with the matching Frog rain hat.	Matching rain boots and umbrella are available.

Rockport Vibram Marble Arch... lightweight design, heavyweight value at BIG BUCKS OFF! Lightweight comfort for all day, every day. A winning combination of famous feather-light Rockport design and foot-friendly Vibram comfort... at a stone-cold bargain price thanks to a one-time extra inventory purchase. More

BRAND NEW

The Under Armour Hammer football shoe features a breathable mesh and synthetic leather upper that provides superior comfort and maximum breathability. HeatGear liners with Moisture Transport System wick moisture keeping the foot cool, dry and comfortable. Full-length EVA midsole for cushioning, comfort and dispersing cleat pressure. Performance cushioning EVA insole provides outstanding step in comfort and cushioning. Solid rubber outsole offers comfort and durability. Progressive Traction cleat shape-notched round stud fixed on a blade style cleat base adds outstanding ground penetration while maintaining rotational capability. Wt. 13.6 oz.

This 'Tigre' key chain makes a perfect gift for those born in the following Years of the Tiger

Sharp? Add the finishing touch to your ensemble with these Florsheim Merrick Saddle Shoes! SAVE BIG! Long-lasting performance, all-day comfort and great looks. Florsheim's unique dot-matrix support system lines each shoe with shock-dispensing pads from toe to heel for unbeatable support. Genuine full-grain leather uppers for durability and style; Rubber outsole for grip; Removable, EVA padded, leather-lined insole for comfort; Leather lined for comfort; Approx. 4"h., 17 ozs. each. State Size. Medium width. Order yours today! Men's Florsheim Merrick Saddle Shoes, Burgundy

The adidas Diamond King TPU is a highly cushioned cleat for elite players seeking a comfortable baseball shoe. Synthetic leather upper provides light weight and durability. Three-quarter-length CMEVA midsole with heel insert. Injected lightweight TPU outsole. C4S 4x3 circular cleat configuration. Wt. 15.8 oz.

Genuine Black Leather Purse - excellent quality and workmanship - compact, efficient design. It has a zippered closure, 2 zippered compartments and a cell phone holder with velcro closure on the front, and 2 more compartments on the back. An 8" hand strap and an adjustable shoulder strap (28" to 50") are also included. The purse measures 5 1/2" by 8 1/2" by 1 3/4" deep

The ASICS GEL-Trail Attack running shoe is designed for the trail runner seeking lightweight performance with a stable, supportive platform and superior grip on all types of terrain. GEL Cushioning Systems attenuate shock during impact phase and toe off phases. Mono-Sock Fit System with Sand Gard provides snug, comfortable fit while preventing snakes and boulders from entering the shoe and causing irritation. SpEVA midsole adds durability and shock attentuation. Performance trail outsole with reversed lugs provides uphill and downhill traction with forefoot protection against stone bruises. Wt. 9.2 oz.

You'll love the style and comfort in this pump from Trotters. The Jeanne has a rich leather upper with simple seaming and a moderate heel. The elasticized band offers flexibility and a better fit to carry you through the day, whether it be at the office, running errands, or out on the town.	From its very beginning in 1935, Trotters has been dedicated to creating high-quality women's footwear with appealing looks and exceptional comfort. The unique comfort of Trotters begins with a careful choice of materials

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Explore wide-ranging activities with the Natureveldt oxford from Clarks. Active AirTM system absorbs shock and returns energy. The polyurethane outsole provides durable, flexible cushioning for downtown to outback wandering.

Suede bar removes dirt and smudges like an eraser  Wooden suede brush restores full nap to suede, nubuck or chamois leather

Since 1981, Rider has focused on three main objectives-superior design, comfort, and technology.	No time to lounge around on the weekend! The Rider Weekend is a casual thong that looks as good as it fits. Featuring a sleek low-profile silhouette with a breathable adjustable upper, the Weekend encompasses a sporty, yet comfort casual style. The insole utilizes Rider's ArchFit technology for ultimate stability and support. The Durable Thermal Rubber outsole provides superior traction. This flip flop gives your feet a fresh break after a long week. Insole treated with Ultra-Fresh DM-50. Ultra-Fresh is an antimicrobial treatment that inhibits the growth of bacteria, mold and mildew that cause odor and stains.

Professional dance shoes.  Soft comfortable soles for longer more comfortable dancing.  Available in 2.5 or 3" heels.  3" heel will be sent unless otherwise notified. Customer service is toll free in the USA at 877-883-2109.

Puddle Stomp in Style!

Delightful Sandal With Ankle Strap And 5 3/4 Inch Heel

Looking for retro fun? Here's a shoe that's packed with classic style. Leather upper is comfortable and durable. Rubber outsole provides great traction.

Posh and elegant, with a youthful flirtiness that's utterly charming, the Splendid from Sam Edelman truly lives up to its name. This strappy sandal features a simple, sophisticated design, comfortable, leg-flattering heel, and a cute bow on the open toe. Wonderfully cool and comfortable on the feet, the Splendid pairs perfectly with this season's babydoll dresses.	Sam Edelman shoes epitomize chic comfort. With exceptional materials and fine styling, each pair of Sam Edelman shoes is an affordable luxury that cleverly combines a youthful outlook with a worldly sensibility. Sophistication with down-to-earth appeal mean that these shoes are made to be lived in. Whether it's a classic revisited for a modern interpretation or a cutting edge design, Sam Edelman shoes always keep an emphasis on comfort.

Double H Boots

Sebago's Docksides is packed with nautical flair. This boat shoe features classic stitching, a slotted collar, and a tractioned rubber sole so that you can sail away in style while keeping things practical.	The handsewn Sebago Docksides Boat Shoes for Women is the footwear that started it all. With rubber slip-resistant soles, rawhide laces and non-corrosive brass eyelets. Genuine moccasin construction wraps the foot in a single piece of leather, creating a fit thats uniquely your own..

Knock your game outta the park with the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats. We're big baseball fans, and some of us here at SHOEBACCA.com spend our evening hours studying the shoe technology behind some of our favorite players, so that we can find the best shoes to offer you. It's almost scary to think of all of the incredible technology that goes into a pair of baseball cleats like the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats.We say incredible, because the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats can do it all. They were engineered up top to provide outstanding durability, agility and performance, and because they rock so hard, adidas didn't want you to have to sacrifice all that goodness just because the field changes. That's why the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats come with three sets of cleats

Nubuck and mesh upper, lightweight compression-molded EVA midsole and traction rubber outsole. Item #84164.

The Pana sandal by BCBGirls is perfectly charming, perfectly trendy, and perfectly wearable. With strappy, woven leather design and an embellished wedge heel, this is a shoe that makes a fashion-forward statement with every outfit.	BCBGIRLS LAMINATO MET Style# BE-PANA

Sparkle and shine with every step when you slip on the glamorous Tiffany slide from Touch Ups. This dazzling dress sandal features two gleaming metallic straps connected by a row and cluster of glittering jeweled accents. The leg-flattering heel adds a just-right amount of height and yet is still comfortable enough to keep you dancing the night away. Great for summer weddings, the Tiffany will make you feel like Cinderella.	Highlight your graceful entrance with the Tiffany sandal from Touch Ups. Rhinestones form a glamorous effect on the vinyl upper. The tapered heel boosts your high profile appeal.

2.5 inch Heel Knee-high Gogo Boots Women's Size Shoe With No Stretch.

Lightweight synthetic leather and mesh upper with open-cell foam for ventilation. Midfoot rib chassis and vented sockliner channel airflow. High performance, non-marking rubber outsole.

The ultimate defense... against barking dawgs! Bates Stingray Side-zip Duty Work Boots. Durability, long-lasting comfort and reliable performance. These Bates Stingrays are designed to hold up under harsh treatment... environments like law enforcement, security, and civilian contracting in hazardous environments. They'll put your feet in a whole new world of comfort whether you're on patrol, in the field or on the job site. Full-grain leather and 1,680-denier ballistic nylon uppers for durability; Oil and slip-resistant Stingray rubber outsole for amazing grip; EVA midsole for extra cushion; Removable EVA insole with shock-absorbing gel in the heel and forefoot; Comfort flex construction for flexibility out of the box; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; 1/4 gusset to keep out dirt and debris; YKK side zippers with Velcro closure for FAST on and off; Each approx. 8"h., 23 ozs. State Width

The Nunn Bush Bristol boot lets you dress up for a day at the office or dress down with jeans or slacks for easy casual wear. The soft leather upper, classic leather outsole, and a bicycle toe adds a sleek and modern polish, and the side zipper makes it a cinch to get on or off.	Add a little height and some serious shine with the Bristol dress boot from Nunn Bush. This bicycle-toe dress boot features a side zipper for easy entry and a highly polished kidskin leather upper. The durable leather sole ensures comfort and long-lasting wear.

Deliver a bold, confident step in this classic oxford from Bostonian. The Malden features a polished leather upper, detailed with intricate broguing for a classic touch. Beneath, a leather sole ensures a smooth, confident step wherever you go.	Travel the corporate track with style and flexibility in the Bostonian Malden oxford. An EVA midsole provides mobile comfort for everyengagement. Refresh your fashion agenda with elegant perforations andwing-tip accents of these Bostonian oxfords. Polished, handsome and finely crafted, these men's dress wingtip oxfords are the essence of style. Go for comfort and style at work with the Bostonian Malden!

The ASICS GEL-Nimbus VIII running shoe is designed to provide exceptional platform comfort, along with a surprising amount of stability for gaits ranging from underpronators to mild overpronators. Biomorphic Fit upper provides enhanced fit and comfort while decreasing the potential for irritation. Solyte midsole combines improved cushioning and durability. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems offer maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation in all planes of motion. Advanced Space Trusstic System creates a pocket that allows for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. IGS (Impact Guidance System) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait while allowing for natural foot movement. Wt. 10.1 oz.

6.5 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Ankle Strap And Criss-Cross Straps at Toe.

Since 1946, Minnetonka has been known for authentic designs that reflect the relaxed, free-spirited nature of American style. Today, you can see Minnetonka around the world - from the streets of New York to the mountains of Colorado; from London to Tokyo. Whether you are discovering Minnetonka for the first time, or getting to know us again, we welcome you to experience some genuine "moccasin soul."	Step into comfort and fashion this season with these cool booties from Jeffrey Campbell. Made with high-quality leather and a German sole these pretty babies will keep you coming back for more.Leather upper3 1/2" Heel8" ShaftMan-made soleStyle Name

Waterproof, seaworthy, stylish Sperry Top-Sider Figawi Pull-ons! SAVE BIG! The finest "boat shoes" around, in the form of tall waterproof Boots! Made for the serious "big water" guy who boats under any conditions, but great for anyone who likes the water. Fine for shore, too. A big bargain thanks to a design "tweak." Tops in comfortable style

The new SH-R215 is the evolutionary top-of-the-line road racing shoe designed and engineered for the professional road racer. The new carbon sole is 20% lighter than previous designs while increasing rigidity. Super-light & Stiff Carbon Sole. Cool, Ventilated Design. Sure-fitting. Buckle & Strap System. Comfortable Fitting.  Antibacterial Scented Insole. The Ultimate choice of professional cyclists. Original hollow molded carbon fiber sole. Super light weight, stiffness and rigidty for ultra power transfer.  Upper has 2 ventilators and breathable tongue. Broad nylon mesh area provides high breathability. Buckle and reinforced straps system provides foot stability for increased power transfer. Sponge deep heel cup with shape retaining pad enhance fit and comfort. SPD-SL, SPD-R/SPD (with adaptor SM-SH85) and Look(R) cleat compatible.

Recommended by five-time USTAF Cross Country National Champion Deena Drossin. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. Women's specific fit, full-length SpEVA(TM) midsole reforms to its original cushioning properties. Trusstic System adds midfoot support on uneven terrain. DuoMax forefoot post aids in toe-off. Wt.7.0 oz.

The ASICS GT-2110 running shoe will continue to provide the cushioning, support and overall comfort that fans of the 2000 series have come to expect. Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) utilizes linked componentry to enhance the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe off. DuoMax medial post helps ensure that the shoe maintains proper support for the foot during transition from mid-stance to propulsion. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems. SpEVA midsole provides superior shock attenuation along with a cushioned ride and enhanced durability. Space Trusstic System allows for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. Wt. 12.5 oz.

Top of the range, high mileage training shoe offering cushioning, fit and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper with Scotchlite reflective material for night running safety and Achilles' Flex Notch. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with a medial post and a midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC adds responsive forefoot cushioning. E.A.S. System to help properly guide and support the foot through the gait cycle. XT-900 carbon rubber and XT-Lite outsole provides traction, durability, cushioning and flexibility, flex grooves, Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Weight 13.5 oz.

The adidas a3 MegaRide Leather running shoe gives the runner the feeling of being propelled through every foot strike and has a smooth, dynamic ride. Leather or nubuck upper provides foot climate and comfort. Reflective materials add safety in low light conditions. Full-length a3 TPU plate delivers dynamic cushioning. adiPRENE+ insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Carbon rubber outsole with forefoot flex grooves offers optimum forefoot flexibility. Wt. 14.6 oz.

101440GRY415 Features

The Premium Tote is the natural step up from the Select. This bag is made from the same premium Microfiber, but has larger overall dimensions which increase its carrying capacity. The premise was simple enough, combine fashion with cutting-edge technology. We know the importance of protecting your notebook computer and the data that you have on it. That's why each model in this collection features the superior SafetyCell Computer Protection Sleeve.

The Rocky 2080 boots feature a waterproof construction with lightweight black nylong and full-grain leather uppers and a Vibram(r) rubber lug outsole.

We know that safety always comes first, but we love that John Deere Men's didn't skimp on the good looks with this 6 Inch Steel Toe boot.  Rugged and handsome, this workhorse boot boasts a sturdy leather upper with treaded rubber heel and toe guards, accented with their signature logo.  A lace-up closure ensures a perfect fit, and the padded tongue and collar provide comfort every step of the way.  A substantial rubber outsole guarantees a firm step on any type of surface.	John Deere Safety Toe Lace - Up Boots... rugged work Boots with safety features galore! Keep your feet in tip-top shape with these reliable, shift-smashing Boots! These babies feature barnyard acid-resistant leather, a diamond plate rubber toe / heel guard, safety toe and electrical hazard protection to guard your dawgs from a myriad of dangerous situations. And John Deere has comfort in mind, too! The removable John Deere air flow comfort orthotic system works to cushion each step while keeping your feel nice and cool throughout the work day. But wait, there's more

2 Inch Platform Creeper Women's Size Shoe With Cherry Detail.

Mootsies Tootsies offers current trend fashion for the classic customer.  It is a lifestyle brand that takes her from work to weekend, offering the latest in dress, tailored and casual collections.

The hottest, trendiest Chinese Mesh Slippers are here. These Asian mesh mules are great for any time of year, indoors or out. Great for the beach! Adorned with beads and sequins, arranged as orchids, your feet will literally twinkle and sparkle with every step. Plastic mesh allows the feet to breathe comfortably. Flat, slip-proof rubber soles. Women sizes. These mesh sandals/slippers is what everyone is buying and looking for. Makes a great gift! Get some for your friends and family today!

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.

Red patent platform lace-up boots with inner zipper and 5.5 inch heel. Available in Adult Women's shoe sizes

If you're an avid runner, then Spira's Genesis 2 knows how to keep you prepared. Its spring technology reduces shock on impact so that your legs are less fatigued, and full traction ensures steady stepping. A breathable mesh upper is nice and lightweight, and padded linings will comfort you with each and every step.	WARNING

Classic Chucks! Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Low shoes. Canvas upper. Padded insole. Rubber toe cap. Vulcanized rubber outsole. Rubber Converse All Star heel badge. Converse All Star label woven on tongue. Imported.

Sensuous, sexy and wild, Pleaser is one of the world's leading brands of sexy footwear. From everyday edgy to very extreme fun, Pleaser shoes combine all the sex appeal you've come to expect from high heels with an undeniable amount of cuteness and originality. The wide array of styles by Pleaser allows you to express your inner wild-child and let your imagination run wild! Discover the ultra sexy, show-stealing Pleaser shoes that are legendary among fashionistas, performers and sexy footwear enthusiasts around the world!	4.5 Inch Rhinestone-Covered Stiletto Heel With 1/4 Platform And Ankle Strap

A legend in western boots, Dan Post owns a tradition and a reputation for making the world's finest cowboy boots. We combine handcrafted cushion comfort technology with traditional western boot flair. From classic western to exotic leathers, Dan Post give	Boot Height

BARGAIN! Ladies' Reebok Quick Turns, BIG BUCKS OFF! Comfort meets style! Reebok knows how to make your feet happy. Sink your feet inside and notice the extreme cushioning. It's almost like a pillow. Seems a slight style change spells big bucks off! Synthetic and mesh uppers for lightweight durability; Diamond lug pattern outsole for sure grip; Transition bridge for stability; Cushioning EVA midsole; Removable, nylon lined and padded insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; Each is 4 1/2" h., weighs 11 ozs. Order ONLINE Now! State Size. Medium width. Ladies' Reebok Quick Turns, White / Gray / Blue

A rugged, stylish women's sneaker that will make a lasting impression on your foot ... and everyone else around you. The Skechers Women's Imprint '95 features a leather, mesh and suede upper with lace-up entry for easy off and on. A padded collar provides enhanced comfort. A slip-resistant rubber sole delivers traction and grip.

The ideal shoe for motorsport enthusiasts and a lifestyle statement at the same time (not fireproof). The Puma Speed Cat features a soft pig suede, leather and nylon upper for comfort and great-looking style. Oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole keeps you on your toes, ready to go. This cat's ready to pounce!

Synthetic leather and mesh upper. CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE in heel, adiPRENE+ in forefoot, Torsion System. Carbon rubber outsole. Weight 12.4 oz.

DMX Mega individualized heel and forefoot pods on the Reebok Actuator running shoe provide the ultimate cushioned ride. Open weave mesh upper adds breathability and support. IMEVA midsole offers cushioning. Carbon rubber heel strike brings durable traction. Forefoot flex grooves offer flexibility. Lightweight TPU shank delivers smooth heel-to-toe transition. TPU heel clip gives rearfoot support and stability. Wt. 12.2 oz.

Slim sling design offers style and comfort.

Sink your foot into the comfortable and stylish GV Special sneaker from PUMA. Its smooth leather and synthetic upper has sporty detailing and toebox perforations, and it sits on a rubber sole to give you the traction that you need. The padded collar and insole will keep you comfortable and ready to chill.	Perforated leather upper adds breathability and thick rubber sole ensures stability. Imported.

It all started with a humble first.  In 1876, the man who inspired the Etonic name, Charles A. Eaton, opened his first shoe factory in Brockton, MA. Over 60 years later, the Charles A. Eaton company ventured into golf shoe manufacturing, where it quickly gained a reputation for leading-edge technology and design. By the 1950s, hundreds of golf professionals were wearing the company's "Tournament of Champions" line. Two decades later, the Eaton Company recognized an opportunity in the running shoe category, and it soon became one of the most trusted and respected brands among diehard runners. In 1976, the company officially changed its name to Etonic.  In the years that followed, Etonic was sold and acquired by several different corporations. But despite changes in ownership, the company never lost sight of its core values, and quietly continued to build upon its rich heritage of product innovations and industry "firsts." From introducing the first golf shoe with GORE-TEX linings to its breakthrough Stabilizer technology, Etonic continued to pioneer new ways to help athletes feel and perform better. To enhance the experience of their chosen sport. And to help them finish one step ahead.  In fact, it was this relentless desire to exploreto innovatethat compelled a team of experienced shoe veterans to buy the company in 2003. Their goal? To link the company's authentic past with its promising future by building great performance product. To reconnect with the loyal customers who have trusted Etonic through the years. And to captivate a whole new generation of authentic athletes and fitness enthusiasts.  With this renewed focus, drive, and confidence, Etonic is once again positioned to evolve and return to where our customers always expect us to be.  "First one there."	The Etonic(r) womens Pink Flame bowling shoes have universal soles with soft, synthetic uppers and concave textured rubber outsoles. Elastic tongue straps offer a secure fit. Perfect Slide sole technology on both feet gives a longer, more controlled slide.

Comfort, tough enough for your long hunting day! Trail - busting Itasca Calgary Boots PRICED LOW! When the tracks lead into the bushes, sometimes there's nothing to do but crash on through! Itasca built these Calgary Boots extra-tough, using 900-denier Cordura fabric, heavy leather and reinforcements at the toe and heel. And you still get the same Itasca comfort, leaving your feet fresh and you alert and ready at the trigger! SAVE BIG! Dependable

cult 26011 wbk 5.5

Women's 5 Inch Peep Toe Slingback Sandal

berlin black leather 110

The handsomely textured, full-grain leather of Propet's Scandia shoe gives it dressy-casual good looks, but comfort's the big news here. A round, extra-wide toe box provides plenty of room while the Rocker profile helps maintain an easy stride. A wide hook-and-loop strap helps it slip on or off with ease.	Men's Propet Scandia Shoes. Up to 3X wide! A casual look with Medicare-approved comfort

Vintage deboss pattern is accented contrast edge paint on supple nappa.

Built for fast players, this men's Reebok NFL 4 Speed III Mid SD2 football cleat features a speed detachable 7-stud TPU plate that is lightweight, durable, and places the FGT cleats wider apart for exceptional traction on grass and field turf. The ETC top cover on the NFL Equipment molded EVA sockliner reduces friction and heat build up, while the lightweight synthetic upper provides comfort with little break-in.	Reebok was founded for one of the best reasons possible

When style and safety need to come together, the industrial steel cap oxford from Dr. Martens is just the shoe. It features a standard woodshank and is heat sealed welted for added durability, plus it features a PVC outsole that is electrical hazard-resistant.	Dr. Martens 8833 Industrial Greasy Steel Toe Oxford Shoes. Superb protection and rugged good looks! If you're a hard-working man that's simply looking for durable shoes that refuse to sacrifice style, then these "Doc" Martens are for you! The Shoes feature a water-resistant, full-grain leather upper and a contoured, cushioned insole to absorb the shock of each step. And with a steel toe, you'll be prepared for unforeseen hazards. You get no-slip grip, too... the patented air-cushioned sole resists oils, petrol and alkili. Details

cult 26011 wbk 8

cult 26011 wbk 9

LaCrosse 18" Alpha Venom Snake Boots, waterproof comfort that's snakeproof protective and scent-free, too! 2 things you shouldn't mess around with in the outdoors are comfort and safety. You need to have both so that your time is enjoyable, and repeatable. LaCrosse has made the ultimate Boots to guarantee that you do it right, and here they are

cult 26011 wbk 5

cult 26011 wbk 6

cult 26011 wbk 7

Trotters' Babs pumps for women are sleek, stylish leather pumps that feature cut-out detailing on the vamps and wrapped, low-cut heels. Wear these chic slip-ons with your favorite fitted pencil skirts and short-sleeved blouses for an up-to-the-moment look.	From its very beginning in 1935, Trotters has been dedicated to creating high-quality women's footwear with appealing looks and exceptional comfort. The unique comfort of Trotters begins with a careful choice of materials

At the peak of its popularity in the mid '80s, the Forum featured a criss-cross ankle lacing system with hook-and-loop ankle strap for optimal support. Updated with full leather upper, molded side panel logo and Dillinger web on midsole.  Weight 21.04 oz.

Juggernauts! New Dunham Work Boots are WATERPROOF, Insulated, Steel toe, Comfortable and BIG BUCKS OFF! Famous Dunham created these exceptional "workers" to keep your feet happy as a clam all day long. Extreme cushioning. Dry feet, even through puddles. Armored steel toe protection. And they're even lightly insulated for temperature control. Waterproof nubuck leather uppers with latex-sealed seams; Lug rubber outsole offers sure grip and oil resistance; Impact-absorbing polyurethane midsole; Abzorb cushion insole; 200 gram Thinsulate Insulation; Wicking Taibrelle-lining; ANSI 75 rated steel safety toe; Approx. 8"h., 31 ozs. State Size. Extra-extra wide width. Order these now! Men's Dunham 200 gram Thinsulate Insulation Work Boots, Classic Wheat

Heres a shoe that can go from the office to dinner without missing a step. Deer Stags Tribune Wingtip oxford exudes a handsome confidence thats a terrific finish to any outfit and includes all the important details of a go-to dress shoe, including a perforated wingtip cap, waxed lacing, and a supportive, padded insole thatll keep fatigue at bay.	Deer Stags The Tribune

The Frye Company is the oldest continuously operated shoe company in the United States. Founded in 1863 by John A. Frye, a well-to-do shoemaker from England, and family-run until 1945, Frye products have a long and illustrious history. Frye boots were worn by soldiers on both sides of America's Civil War, soldiers in the Spanish-American war, and by Teddy Roosevelt and his Rough Riders. When home-steading drew adventurous New England families to the West during the mid and late 1800's many of the pioneers wore Frye Boots for the long journey.  Today Frye remains true to its roots with its line of heritage boots, but continues to innovate as it introduces chic new handbags, pumps, and sandals to its collection.	Leather LinedLeather Sole w/ Rubber InsertsStacked 3? Heel

Finn Comfort produces highly refined footwear for the walking shoe connoisseur. Often copied but never equaled, Finn Comfort footwear is supremely comfortable and features unsurpassed orthopedic support, something you'll appreciate dearly if you are on your feet for long periods of time. An anatomically correct fit, ample freedom of movement, serious orthopedic support, luxurious natural materials, as well as footbeds that encourage the natural heel-toe-toe rolling motion are some of the premium features that speak for themselves. Finn Comfort shoes are meticulously handcrafted in Germany under the most stringent manufacturing and quality requirements using only premium grade materials and components. That is why a growing number of faithful customers worldwide feel assured that with Finn Comfort they are not only investing in the best, but in their heath and well-being as well. Delivering the finest from Finn Comfort right to you, this pretty tough customer is unbelievably supple- the perfect comfort choice. Not just for your feet, but for your entire body. This no-nonsense orthopedic design reflects the latest medical research - Unsurpassed orthopedic support - Specially designed to ease strain on hips, knees and spine - Lightweight and flexible

Designed for the runner seeking support and structured cushioning for high-mileage training. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical SpEva midsole, Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) in rearfoot allows the foot to perform in a more natural manner, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, and DuoTruss System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves for rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 11.5 oz.

When comfort, style and versatility are critical, Clarks' Merrimack leather sandal is a must. The slip-resistant outsole provides stability, while the full-grain leather upper with an adjustable Velcro strap offers instant comfort and a perfect fit.	Put a little ruggedness into your step with the Clarks Merrimack. This men's sandal is set in a premium oiled full-grain leather upper with an adjustable strap, giving a customized fit. Leather and mesh lining surrounds foot in breathable comfort in this Clarks sandal. Nature formed last allows for natural toe spread and the leather-wrapped footbed wicks away moisture. The lightweight rubber outsole provides good traction for any adventures that come your way. Enjoy rugged good looks in the Clarks Merrimack.

berlin brown leather 70

It takes many steps to reach a goal. Why not take them in a fine shoe that befits your aspirations? The Allen Edmonds 'Leeds' is a strong, simple business shoe - ideal whether you're climbing the corporate ladder or commanding it from the top. Traditional five-eyelet design bespeaks of a no-nonsense, take-charge attitude, while the flair of the arch saddle-stitch construction hints of your innovative side. The 'Leeds' is also designed to be wonderfully comfortable, so you can concentrate on your goals - not your feet.

The Reebok Premier Road Plus DMX III running shoe has a breathable and supportive open weave mesh upper with 3M Scotchlite material for night-running safety. CMEVA midsole provides stability and cushioning. Transition Bridge gives smooth heel-to-toe transition. Dual-density medial stability post. DMX Foam cushioning. High-abrasion rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel offers durable traction. Forefoot flex grooves. Wt. 10.2 oz.

Boss Five Buckle Rubber Boot 14 Tall Over The Shoe Fabric Lining Metal Buckles Self Cleaning Bar Tread Outsole Brown Polybagged Size

symphony pewter multi 100

Sure to be your favorite go-to casual shoe this season and beyond, the Sport Striper from Sperry Top-Sider has a sporty, relaxed design that feels as good as it looks. Featuring durable vulcanized construction, dual elastic side panels for easy slip on, and a padded collar and tongue for a custom fit, this laid back shoe is perfect for walking, boating or simply relaxing in the sun. As stylish as it is comfortable, the Sport Striper has a soft canvas fabric upper in a solid or madras plaid slip-on style, eye-catching stitching accents, and a siped outsole design that offers convenient water channeling features.	Vulcanized Construction provides a Secure Bond Between Upper and OutsoleHigh Quality Cotton Canvas Upper for Breathability and ComfortPadded Tongue and Collar for Added Comfort Around the FootNon-Marking, Rubber Outsole with Razor Cut Wave-Siping for Ultimate Dry / Wet Traction

Brighten each and every step with our slip-on Floral Moccasin Slippers. Featuring cheery, printed polyester uppers, fabric-coated EVA soles add comfort and support to these casual slippers shoes, while polyester terry cloth linings add softness - and wick moisture away from your feet. Add the appeal of their gentle 3/8-inch heel, and these casual moccasins are the right step forward, each and every day. * Cotton-like polyester upper * Cotton-like polyester terry lining * Imported * See colors below * Spot Clean Only * Sizes

Reef is surf. They're inspired by water, by the ocean, by perfect waves, and the journey along the way to find them. They are a genuine, global surf brand that harvests the best of the lifestyle and shares it through authentic, innovative and fashionable product. At the core of Reef is their Latin roots and the inherent sensuality of the beach. The Reef team is committed to having fun in and out of the water, as well as giving back to the world that inspires them.	Shorts? Check. Tank top? Check. Reef Uptown Girl flip-flops? Check.  You are all set for summer breezes with this perennial favorite from Reef Women's, featuring a molded footbed with anatomical arch support and a metallic fabric upper for easygoing comfort all day long.

Lightweight upper with reinforced lateral quarter panels provides stability without sacrificing responsiveness. Wrapped midsole uses dual-shank (inner/outer shank system) for support. Outsole utilizes aggressive pattern designed to add traction.

The Dunham men's Pileus is a premium performance shoe for the active outdoor lifestyle. This waterproof hiker offers motion control, excellent multi-directional traction, an abrasion resistant toe rand and mud guard, and double-lasted construction supporting an internal midsole that brings the wearer closer to the ground for increased stability.(Brown leather)

AK Anne Klein offers an impressive footwear collection offering unparalleled variety in an extensive range of sizes, colors, and styles that give each shoe a unique style and character. AK Anne Klein footwear provides fashion, quality, and comfort at an affordable price point that's perfect for every modern woman's lifestyle.	* leather	 * Combination Leather/Rubber sole	 * Heel measures approximately 3/4"

The women's Mizuno Finch 9-Spike softball cleat features a patented 9-Spike Technology that facilitates superior execution of the three primary baseball movements

Wellies that won't let you down! Wolverine DuraShocks Wedge-Heel Wellingtons. Chores... pesky stuff. Getting'em done is easier in super-comfortable Wolverine DuraShocks Boots. Tried and true DuraShocks comfort technology cushions every step you take and returns energy as you walk, reducing fatigue and making long days a lot easier to handle. Details

Softer than soft, this Spa slipper from Acorn is perfect for pedicures and relaxation. Featuring a super plush terry cloth upper in an easy slip-on style, a contoured cushioned footbed with memory foam for total comfort and a rubber outsole for solid traction. Go ahead, indulge yourself!	Wrap your feet in comfort in the Vegan Acorn Spa Wrap. This women's slipper is set in a velvety soft spa terry that envelops your foot in comfort as well as style. The quilted detail on this Acorn slipper gives it added style and the contoured footbed provides an enhanced heel and arch for long-wear comfort. The non-slip weatherproof outsole of this Acorn sandal will keep you steady on your feet indoors and outdoors. Cozy comfort is yours in the Acorn Spa Wrap!

With its warm sherling lining, genuine sheepskin upper, and padded foam insole, it'll be tough to find a boot more cozy than Minnetonka's Pug. And with its rubber outsole for traction and durability, you'll step securely even in less than ideal weather.	Sink your feet into soft sheepskin! Minnetonka Moccassins Sheepskin Boots. What's so great about sheepskin? For starters its angel soft. AND it wicks moisture better than almost any other material on the planter... no clammy toes! Features

Imagine inhaling crisp mountain air while feeling the crunch of golden leaves beneath your slippered feet. Enter the Romeo slipper from Staheekum. This handsome slipper has a soft suede upper with tonal stitching, a roomy round toe with a decorative center seam along the vamp, plush plaid flannel linings, dual-goring for an easy on/off, and a textured rubber indoor/outdoor sole.	Imagine inhaling crisp mountain air while feeling the crunch of golden leaves beneath your slippered feet. Enter the Romeo slipper from Staheekum. This handsome and warm slipper has a soft suede upper with tonal stitching, a roomy round toe with a decorative center seam stretching along the vamp, a red and black plaid flannel lining and insole, dual-goring for easy on/off, and a textured rubber indoor/outdoor sole. The Romeo is for the outdoorsmen in all of you.

For the elite and would-be elite. This super-efficient lightweight shoe is engineered for athletes running at a faster pace, relative to their everyday pace. Synthetic leather and breathable mesh upper. A full-length SpEVA midsole provides enhanced responsiveness and shock attenuation and heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems add shock attenuation at initial impact and propulsion phase. An extended Trusstic System allows greater forefoot flexion, yielding a more efficient propulsion phase. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) enhances the foot's natural gait from heel-to-toe. The DuoSole outsole with an AHAR carbon rubber heel plug offers greater forefoot flexion.  Weight 10.1 oz.

You'll feel like royalty in Florsheim's Duke boot. The topstitched toe and hidden zipper closure offer a look that's sophisticated enough to wear to the office, and simple enough to carry you through the weekend.	Why should noblemen have all the comfort? You don't need a fancy title to own comfortable shoes. Florsheim Dukes give your feet the refined a fit and feel inspired by the boots worn by royalty... but at a price a suburban lord can tender. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

Man's wallet of brown leather. Fossil certificate of authenticity.

Women's Rocky Duty Oxfords, BIG BUCKS OFF! Salute to high shine! Plus, the U.S. Post Office has given 'em their "stamp" of approval. Rugged hi-shine leather uppers; Polyurethane outsole for cushioning and grip; Removable, polyurethane padded, fabric-lined insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking Cambrelle lining; Each is approx. 4"h., 11 ozs. State Width

Mtrsp Lifestyle

Fiebing's Mink Oil Liquid From Fiebing's, an industry leader since 1895. A blend of Mink Oil and 100% Pure Neatsfoot Oil that softens, preserves, protects, conditions, waterproofs and adds suppleness to all articles of smooth leather and vinyl. Use around vehicles and the home as well as for equine items. Will darken light or unfinished leathers. Not recommended for use on suede. Made in the U.S.A. Item Specifications

Honk if your kids loved Disney's blockbuster Cars! Well now they can feel like a part of the action with Disney Cars Shoes. Characters are brought to life with stunning detail, and most shoes light up with every step. Now your kid's favorite shoe can also be their favorite toy.

The charming Coloriffics Maryjane Sandal, designed for big and little girls, is perfect for your child's next special occasion. They feature a rounded toe and closed back with a buckle-fastened ankle strap, while a small heel adds a dressy touch. The white satin exterior is dyeable--so she can wear the shoe as is, or have it customized to her favorite color.	Dyeable white satin closed toe sandal, Leather sole, adjustable buckle closrue. Fits young girls approximately 7 to 13 years of age

For an American-made boot that works extra hard, try this full-grain leather design from Thorogood. Its removable dual-density insole absorbs shock, while the fiberglass shank delivers great support. The Goodyear Storm Welt construction and Vibram outsole add unbeatable durability.	Men's Thorogood Plain Toe Boots. U.S.A.-made! This Thorogood Plain Toe Boot ia made by the most trusted brand in the workwear industry

melanie 26118 wht/red/blk 8.5

Great slip-on for in or out of the water. Neoprene lined with mesh side panels for water drainae. ICS cushioning system, elon midsole and rubber boat shoe bottom.

#63126  UPPER

Flexibility is key when it comes to the art of dance and twin gore panels and a split sole make for exceoptional grace and bendability in this dance shoe from Capezio. Soft leather makes it comfy, too, so every step is a joy.	Slip-on split sole. Improved upper constructed of top quality supple leather. Stronger, cleaner, folded edges. Patented PowerPointe Construction removes excess material from the arch. Dual gore inserts enable the shoe to stretch and hug the foot. Smaller EVA forefoot patch for traction where needed. Injected PVC heel for improved stability and shock absorption. Raked heel breast for a cleaner line. Split sole suede elasticized sockliningprovides flexibility. Professional fitting, high quality shoe. Begin 1/2 size up from street shoe size men 2 1/2 sizes up.

A staple of early Hollywood and boarding school, the Jack Purcell keeps finding new fans. Eternally hip and understated, the classic shoe now pushes that status in a progressive new direction. This low cut Jack Purcell OTR (On The Road) boot is the fusion of athletic and dress. Full grain leather with padded collar brings all day comfort. Rubber heel piece adds functional durability. A rebirth of the 1950's male persona has arrived - hop on board.

Helle Comfort is the perfect brand for women who want total, anatomically designed comfort, in styles that are pretty and feminine! Helle Comfort was started in 1997 by husband and wife team Peter and Martina Helle. They developed Helle Comfort for the sophisticated woman who demands comfort, but does not want to look like she is wearing comfort shoes. The styles, which utilize many unique Italian leathers, Swarovski crystal ornaments, feminine heels and adjustability to fit widths ranging from 2W to 4A, can be worn casual-to office-to evening. Helle Comfort styles provide superior arch support, metatarsal support, and padded, flexible footbeds. Numerous styles have REMOVEABLE cork/latex arch support footbeds that are Dr. prescribed for support in our European market. These are great for travelling. Helle Comfort shoes provide the best looking comfort in footwear!

At Robeez, they know baby shoes--and they know what baby feet need. That's why Robeez baby shoes and Booties by Robeez are made from the softest leathers that are both flexible and durable. Robeez shoes feature a remarkable no-slip-off design. And with over 70 styles, there's a pair to match your baby's unique personality. Robeez is always in step with what baby feet need.

100% WATERPROOF, BREATHABLE Guide Gear Adirondack Hikers. Slosh through puddles without a care! Dry feet for sure by famous Guide Gear. Just begging for a stroll at big bucks less! The details

Olive Drab Stonewashed Heavyweight Classic Messenger Bag - Stonewashed Olive Drab Messenger Bag. Large Main Compartment. Inside Zippered Pouch. 3 Outside Pockets. Adjustable Shoulder Strap. Dimensions

This sleek and casual Oxford from Kenneth Cole will keep you looking sharp and feeling good. It features a smooth polished leather upper with a roomy squared toe and traditional lace-up styling. The slightly flared outsole provides good traction while maintaining a dressy look. Comfort features include a lightly padded insole and cushioned heel.	Girl's Kenneth Cole Reaction, Swirl Up Wedge heel Sandal  Faux patent uppers with braided detailing down the front  Adjustable buckle closure on the ankle strap  Smooth manmade lining  Cushioned footbed  2 inch textile covered wedge heel  Durable traction rubber outsole

An update of the Chile 62 soccer shoe, worn by more footballers than any other  1962's top-of-the-line boot. Revolutionary Vulcaflex and Triloplast outsole provides stud pressure point reduction. High-quality, cracked leather upper is strong and versatile.

Men's neutral trainer with heel and forefoot abzorb developed for the mid to high mileage runner seeking a soft, cushioned ride.

Bite designs footwear as equipment for your feet -- technically superior for specific activities. The focus is on function not form, innovating instead of following. Bite's aim is to inspire maximum performance by providing the comfort, fit, and feel necessary to excel.	Bite Mens BioCool Athletic Golf Shoes feature

Open-mesh upper with breathable synthetic panels, ClimaCool technology. CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE in heel and adiPRENE+ in forefoot, ClimaCool vent, Torsion System. Carbon rubber outsole. Weight 12.8 oz.

Full-grain leather upper adds comfort, support and durability. Reflective material provides safety and night visibility. Polyurethane removable sock liner offers comfort and support. Grip strip for improved heel lift. Transition Bridge supports midfoot arch. DMX Walk Chamber Unit offers walking-specific moving air cushioning. Beveled heel design enhances walking stride. Opti-Flex Zone improves forefoot flexibility. Weight 12.2 oz.

Mid priced Performance shoe

This cool canvas tote bag is perfect for shopping, for use as an overnight bag, or for carrying books. The bag is black, with hot pink polka dots, black handles and a hot pink accent strip with black polka dots, ending at a bow in the middle. The interior is nylon lined, with a zipper pouch and 2 small pockets for cell phones and makeup. It measures 9 inches tall, 11 inches wide and 3 1/2 inches deep, with twin double sewn cotton straps. The straps have a 6 inch drop. This tote bag is brand new, never used. These won`t last long, so don`t delay. Get yours now!

The adidas 1 Runner running shoe features a mesh upper with welded 3-Stripes. Perforated EVA tongue adds light weight and breathability. adiPRENE insert offers comfort and shock absorption. Injected EVA midsole provides long-term lightweight cushioning. Intelligent technology continually adapts cushioning. Carbon rubber outsole gives durability.

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Announcing footwear you'll want to live in. COOL Women's Dr. Martens 5a85 Sandals, now BIG BUCKS OFF! Summer's here. And that means warmer temperatures, fun in the sun and maybe even a trip or six to the beach. So why leave your tootsies cooped up inside a stuffy pair of sneakers? Especially when these Dr. Martens are so affordable! Woven-style, leather uppers on the topside sport sharp contrast stitching, and the legendary AirWair soles are so cushioned and lightweight, you'll feel like you're walking on clouds. So, go ahead... send your feet on a little vacation for two! Details

This is a pair of Womens Scuff Slippers. These soft and durable GENUINE premium Austalian sheepskin cozy scuff slippers are fleece lined inside and out. Durable leather sole for indoor wear. Stoney tan color shown. Retails up to $68.99 in stores. Our sheepskin products come primarily from sheep that were raised for their food value and not their hides. Sheepskin is a recycled by-product and no endangered species skins are used in our products. Please click the link below the Image to view more images of this item. This Item is MADE TO ORDER. So please allow upto 10 - 14 Business days for this Item to Ship out. Thanks for shopping at Gem Avenue.

The FUBU Web 92 has the edge of an urban shoe with convenient and comfortable features. Leather upper features Velcro closure for a secure fit with ankle support. Non-marking rubber outsole is strong and durable.

Corcoran 10" Steel Toe Field Boots... rough and rugged for your on - the - job duties! If you're on duty or are just looking for a boot that's easy on your feet, then you've come to the right place! These Field Boots combine a moisture-wicking DRYZ cushioned insole with a shock-absorbing EVA midsole to keep your feet from throbbing after making daily rounds. And you'll always look your best with smooth, "spit-shineable" leather uppers. Details

Watch her flutter around in these soft & stylish little shoes with itsy bitsy butterflies to tickle her itsy bitsy toes.   Why Komfort Kidz? Our shoes are made from the softest leather. They will gently cradle your child's foot. The rubber sole is designed to flex with each step your child takes. Which is so important for growing feet. They also offer protection with a non-slip sole. Great for busy toddlers! Pediatricians recommend that children under two go barefoot or wear lightweight and flexible shoes. Komfort Kidz meets these standards in every shoe we sell. Your child will spend a lifetime on their feet, don't settle for anything less than a comfortable shoe.

Show off your team spirit with the MLB Clubhouse sneaker from Reebok featuring the Milwaukee Brewers logo embroidered on the side. This casual sneaker has a soft leather, baseball-inspired upper for comfort and support and a padded foam sockliner for comfort and cushioning. This shoe is great for watching the game at the stadium, in the bar, or from the couch.	Show off your team spirit with this Reebok MLB Clubhouse Milwaukee Brewers sneaker.

Super-soft slipper socks. Constructed of chenille.  Karen Neuburger Style FA18N100

Everything you desire in a quality leather shoe. The Dr. Martens 5-Eye is a slip-on casual shoe made from the finest quality leather, pre-inspected for scars before construction. Double goring allows easy on/off. Padding on collar and tongue provides enhanced comfort. Curved sole propels the foot forward when walking. World-famous air-cushioned sole offers comfort and cushioning. Classic Dr. Martens grooved sole pattern features yellow drop stitching detail.

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive frog design is embroidered onto soft and durable sky blue canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create and snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Indigo design on sky blue canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 12-18 Months. 5.2 Inches long.

Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!	Start and end your day in comfort with the easygoing Walking Cradles Cheers mule. A combination of leather or croco-print patent leather with mesh panels adds visual interest to this women's slip-on shoe; elastic top goring enables easy on/off and lends give to every step. A breathable lining and cushy Tiny Pillows footbed provide a healthy interior and relaxing support to every step. The Walking Cradles Cheers clog is finished with a flexible polyurethane sole for a lightweight, shock-absorbing foundation.

5.11, Inc. creates superior products that enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of law enforcement, military and firefighting professionals and sells these products under the registered trademarks, 5.11 Tactical, 5.11 Tactical Series, and other marks. Built on a foundation of durability, quality and value, 5.11, Inc. leads the industry in delivering functionally innovative gear, from head to toe.	5.11 Tactical 8" HRT Urban Waterproof Boots are locked, loaded, and ready for urban tactical duty! SAVE BIG! Law enforcement's choice for comfort, toughness, and reliability! The HRT Boots are designed for true tactical operation, incorporating cutting-edge design features to be fast, lightweight and responsive. Made from only top-quality materials and constructed for the long haul, these Boots keep your feet safe without holding you back when duty calls. Ready to roll

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for the whole family.	Take the fast track to great style with the Skechers Urbantrack II. This Euro-inspired casual sneaker features a leather upper with a lace-up design for a personalized fit. Padded collar and footbed provide extra comfort. Driver-style, pimpled rubber outsole delivers great traction.

206375BLK08 Features

Look good, feel good in Bex Flex Boots from Dr. Martens. PRICED RIGHT! Two technologies in one! How did Dr. Martens improve on the comfort of their renowned air-cushioned soles? They added Flex Link, another innovation that helps absorb footfall shock and soften compression as you walk. Yeah, it's a little over my head too, but these amazing breakthroughs are the answers to your tired, aching feet! And they're built into these Bex Flex Boots, that look as good as they feel. They're made of genuine full-grain leather that's supple yet durable. Best of all, you save big thanks to a special buy! More details

Slipper socks. Constructed of microfiber. Nubby, lightweight and breathable. Oprah's Favorite Things - 2002.  Karen Neuburger Style 112502D

NEW Ladies' Rockport Dock Square Boots are made for walkin'. SAVE BIG! A Nancy Sinatra special! The gleaming leather uppers sure capture attention. Ultra comfy too. What a bargain! Seems this was excess merchandise returned to the supplier. Result? A low Close-Out price... at a whopping big bucks less! Full-grain leather uppers; 2" heel; Repairable 3/4 Goodyear welt; Permanent synthetic leather-lined, padded insole; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Hidden gore panels; Approx. 13 1/2"h. and 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. "I found me a new box of matches..." Place your order today! Women's Rockport "B Grade" Dock Square Boots, Brandy

Includes interior cell phone and PDA pocket and zipper pocket. Made of 600 Denier black polyester. Famous I Love Lucy heart trademark in studs. Double shoulder straps with contrasting metallic colors. Drop length 7.5". I Love Lucy and related marks are trademarks of CBS Broadcasting Inc. 2006 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All rights reserved. Images of Lucille Ball & Desi Arnaz are licensed by Desilu, too, LLC. Licensing by Unforgettable Licensing. Manufactured by Aliz International, Inc.

No one can really track down why this boot was dubbed the Ranger but I personally believe it was because they are awesome and hardcore just like an Army Ranger or even Walker Texas Ranger. Now, most likely that

Make a statement with the Skechers Patroler sneaker, which melds a sporty  attitude with a comfortable design. The Patroler features a smooth leather and  suede  upper, colored side-trim detail, a classic lace-up front, and a low-profile rubber  outsole.	Keep your feet comfortable for hours on end with the Patroller sneakers by Skechers featuring leather uppers, laceup closure, plush padding at the collar  tongue, cushioned insole and a treaded rubber sole with a stacked heel for maximum shock absorption.

This is the original Reef Fanning that you know and love. What's it got? The quick-drying synthetic nubuck strap, the contoured footbed and thick, foamy, molded EVA sole with added arch support, the under-heel airbag cushioning...what else could you possibly need? The hidden bottle opener's there, too.	This is the original Reef Fanning that you know and love. What's it got? The quick-drying synthetic nubuck strap, the contoured footbed and thick, foamy, molded EVA sole with added arch support, the under-heel airbag cushioning...what else could you possibly need? The hidden bottle opener's there, too.

The adidas Supernova Trail running shoe features revolutionary ForMotion that delivers an incredible trail leveling effect. Light, breathable upper with NoSeam forefoot makes it lighter and more comfortable than ever. Dual-density Orthoclase sockliner adds comfort, durability and odor control. adiPRENE insert in heel offers comfort and shock absorption. adiPRENE+ in the forefoot. Torsion System bar provides midfoot arch protection. Pro-Moderator medial support device helps prevents overpronation. TraXion outsole gives maximum grip in all directions. Wt. 12.6 oz.

This Strutt boot from Lugz is strong, stylish, and seriously comfortable. This high profile boot has a soft nubuck or leather upper   with attractive contrast stitching, a thick padded collar and insole, and a lugged outsole for a firm foundation.	MSRUL-001 - BLACK - 7.0 - D Color

Stepping into the Teresa slipper-bootie from Daniel Green is a truly luxurious experience. Its plush fabric upper is indescribably soft, and, with its thick padding and rubber outsole, you'll feel like you're walking on air.	Cuddly, soft-as-a-bunny terry cloth bootie  Elasticized tops gently hug your feet  Memory Foam insole  Slip-resistant, rubber-like sole  Washable  Line dry

Daniel Green's Meg slipper is sturdy enough, with its rigid, faux-leather-covered outsole, to run errands in, but it's all about fashionable comfort indoors. It has a padded tricot knit on the inside and stylish leather on the outside.	Be comfortable in the Meg slipper from Daniel Green. The leather, snake-print faux leather or microsuede upper lends a simple, classic look to your at-home relaxation. A padded foam footbed creates a soft landing for your foot, while a low covered heel makes staying in a pleasure.

liner black leather 65

The New Balance 1000 running shoe features 3/4 length ABZORB EX technology for an unparalleled ride and a seamless upper that adds superior fit and comfort. BIOCOOL  engineered mesh upper offers seamless comfort and temperature control. N-Vent midsole ventilation system provides optimal airflow. N-durance rubber outsole delivers maximum durability in high wear areas. C-Cap CMEVA adds cushioning and flexibility. Wt. 14.5 oz.

adidas a3 Decade 06

liner black leather 60

Sometimes all it takes is the sleekest, simplest thing, and Trotters has it with the Olivia pump. This timeless silhouette in high-gloss patent charms in any era with an open toe and a ladylike 2.75-inch heel for a demure boost that doesn't overwhelm the look. A grippy sole grants you a sturdy strut wherever you take your classic self in Trotters.	Give your professional wardrobe the boost you've been looking for with the Trotters Olivia pump. This women's open-toe dress shoe has a shiny patent leather upper with a self-wrapped heel and hidden platform for a streamlined look. The faux leather lining offers smooth comfort, while a steel shank and Comfort Cup technology lend foot-cradling support for extended wear. The Trotters Olivia peep-toe dress pump has a leaf-pattern synthetic sole for sure traction to go with your business-like attitude.

Synthetic patent leather upper. Three-layer construction misdeal provides supreme comfort. Solid rubber outsell. Wt. 10.2 oz.

These are the women's Heritage Roper with full-grain leather foot and shaft as well as a four-row collar stitch pattern. They also have a leather lining and a Duratred outsole.

5.11, Inc. creates superior products that enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of law enforcement, military and firefighting professionals and sells these products under the registered trademarks, 5.11 Tactical, 5.11 Tactical Series, and other marks. Built on a foundation of durability, quality and value, 5.11, Inc. leads the industry in delivering functionally innovative gear, from head to toe.	This 5.11 12002 ATAC 6-Inch Boot has many unique features such as

The "Dory" is ideal for all day wear.	 	 Durable leather upper in a modern silhouette.	 	 Elastic goring in the sling-back and dual hook and loop closures provide a comfortable fit.	 	 Padded footbed for added comfort.	 	 Lightweight and flexible outsole.	 	 1 1/2" heel.

Complete your look with this stylish platform sandal. 		Patent leather upper. 		Posted sling-back with elastic panel. 		Cork heel and midsole. 		Man-made outsole. 		4" heel.

Distinguish yourself from the crowd with this snazzy dress oxford from Stacy Adams. Leather uppers boast a combination ostrich and crocodile print for a rich, textured look. A cushioned footbed and soft, breathable leather linings add to the comfort, and a smooth outsole and smart dress heel finish the look.	Stacy Adams Lenox Oxfords. You deserve a great looking pair of shoes, and this sophisticated pair will turn some heads. The grey ostrich and croc printed leather uppers are an elegant twist in men's fashion, and the cushioned footbed will hug your feet every time you step into them. A durable leather sole assures long-lasting value! Shoes weigh 12 ozs. each State Color and Size. Order yours now! Men's Stacy Adams Lenox Oxfords

The Tour Master Response SC Road Boot features   Short-cut top allows for easy entryConstructed with durable 1.8mm to 2.0mm waterproof leatherKing Tex waterproofbreathable membrane combines with sealed seams and gussets to provide comfortable waterproofingOil resistant molded rubber cup sole20 waterproof thread is stitched throughout the boot, thus providing further waterproofingToe guard protects the left boot from wear due to motorcycle shifter controlsHard molded toe cup for improved shifting and protectionThe boot interior is lined with a soft and comfortable K-315 materialCircular molded ankle bone protector3M Scotchlite rear reflective oval and side panel helps increase nighttime visibilitySecure lace system with leather and elastic stretch panel coverRear pull tab to aid entry

The Saucony Grid Trigon 3 Ride running shoe has a breathable air mesh and supportive synthetic upper. The premium sockliner improves step-in comfort and cushioning. A CMEVA midsole gives responsive cushioning and shock attenuation. HRC XTRA forefoot cushioning system provides smooth toe-off. XT-900/b/c R outsole with flex grooves. Wt. 9.8 oz.

BEARPAW's Dream boot takes hot style and warm comfort in stride. Its on-trend suede profile adds protection and warmth, while its cozy shearling and wool lining, which takes cold weather performance very seriously, regulates foot temperature for very pleasing results. And with its slip-resistant outsole, you won't bat an eye playing in the snow and ice.	Keep your PAWS warm in these comfortable suede boots with a soft sheepskin lining! The top can be folded down to expose the inner shearling. The rugged tread and thick sole make this my personal choice for a winter snow boot. A must-have for women's winter footwear!

The Aetrex Y710 Casual Walker was designed with the latest in style and comfort in mind. With polished European-inspired detailing, the supportive yet supple leather upper provides total foot comfort. The lightweight, removable Aetrex orthotics and Pressure Relief System (PRS) insoles provide optimum comfort and shock attenuation. Available in three widths, Medium (C,D), Wide (E, EE), and Extra Wide (3E, 4E).

Fast design developed on a women's last for improved fit.   Adjustable PVC strap with hook-and-loop closure.  Unique massage footbed with EVA outsole.

This 10" uninsulated military uniform boot from Danner offers superior protection, comfort, and support over the long haul. Full-grain leather uppers are paired with a breathable waterproof GORE-TEX membrane and moisture-wicking, abrasion-resistant Cambrelle lining to keep your feet dry and comfortable. Stitch-down construction creates a wide platform for stability and also makes the boot re-soleable for extended wear. The Women's Fort Lewis boot is outfitted on a  cushioning Vibram sole and features an airthotic insole to reduce foot fatigue.	These are the women's 29110 durable, quick to polish full-grain leather. This boot is made in the USA and is approved by the US Army Forces Command. They have a 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining for ultimate, breathable comfort. This boot has Danner's hand-crafted stitchdown construction which increases its durability and stability. They also have a Vibram 148 Kletterlift outsole which guarantees traction, stability, and superior shock absorbtion. They also have a fiberglass shank and are also reco recraftable.

Note

Cedar Shoe Stretcher Ortho Plugs stretch your shoes and help reduce the pain of bunions, crooked toes and corns. Insert the special plugs into the cedar stretcher where you need them most. Aromatic cedar dries and deodorizes shoes. Use plugs to stretch shoes and maintain the fit you want, or eliminate the break-in period with new shoes. Cobbler-quality construction. Order by Men's / Women's shoe sizes. Not recommended for cowboy boots or any other boots that have high lengths.

Athlectic Shoe

Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giving your foot support where it is needed, more cushy comfort where it counts and more room where your foot's moving parts need freedom when walking. The result has to be tried to be believed! Shouldn't you be wearing the world's best walking shoes?	The PedWalker 10 features full grain leather and stretchable nylon uppers. Extra-volume construction for generous fitting. Padded collar and tongue and full lining for superior comfort. Extended heel counter to provide all day support. Removable double insole for extra depth and customization flexibility. Rocker profile for easy stride. Specially designed rubber sponge outsole.

Dress up your wardrobe with the Timberland Tim Nellie boot. This book can go with everything. Designed with premium waterproof leather. This boot will become your favorite because is not only gives you comfort, but it is durable and has abrasion resistance. Featuring a guaranteed waterproof seam-sealed construction. For added comfort there is a contoured footbed for heal and arch support along with a padded collar for all day wear.

The Youth Acrylic multi-sport sock from Pro Feet(r) features a soft, light blend of acrylic, nylon, and elastic with a fully cushioned sole and a knit-in toe.

fiestey white leather 100

Reveal your inner fashionista when you slide into the Prissy sandal from Naturalizer. This sexy, sophisticated dress shoe features thin leather straps that cross at the center for a lovely open-toe look. As comfortable as it is stylish, the Prissy has a cushioned foot bed for all day support, and a perfect-height heel to keep you light on your feet all night long.	Elevate your crisp style with the Prissy sandal from Naturalizer. Arching pieces of leather capture a skin-baring silhouette. Flexing an easy fit, a stretch panel works with the heel strap. The tapered heel favors evening events with a glamorous finish. Fit tip

Soggy duty? Requisition Altama Infantry Combat Boots with waterproof / breathable construction and Sierra sole traction. No more sopping wet feet! Altama's Infantry Combat Waterproof Boots feature a full Sympatex waterproof / breathable bootie to keep your feet dry in any weather. And for traction in the mud, these Boots are built on the highly regarded Sierra tread pattern. Plus the high quality standards that have made Altama a top DOD-approved manufacturer. Take this step up

Show off your casual style aptitude while experiencing premium comfort with the IG110 flip flop from Island Pro. This handsome flip flop has wide nylon straps, a textured contoured footbed, and a multi-directional treaded outsole for a solid step. Trick your feet into thinking they're on a permanent vacation with the IG110.	The Island Slipper Pro Action Sandal is constructed with the original Island Pro foot bed design, with the arch, heel cup, and outside contour. Only the best quality webbing is used on these thongs and, after a short break-in period, the soft EVA insole will self-mold to your foot's unique shape. If you are looking for lots of mileage and a slipper that lasts, this is the one for you. Features

cult 26011 bbk 10

The Puma Complete Prevail V running shoe is designed for neutral runners and competitive athletes with normal arches. Breathable air mesh, durable synthetic upper trimmings, 3M reflective material, supportive external heel counter. New KMS-lite CMEVA midsole, full IdCELL forefoot, visible IdCELL in the heel. ArchTec torsion support. Full EverRide outsole in the forefoot, EverTrack in the heel.

This bejeweled and "barely there" sandal adds sparkle and style to everything from jeans to evening dresses. Adorned with a leather-backed metal mesh chain and  rhinestone floral accents, the Broadway features a stiletto heel, padded sock-liner, and durable synthetic sole.	In 1974, Renee' and Micky Harrison founded Remac to realize their dream of creating shoes that provide women with fashion-forward confidence. The company's signature line, J. Renee', specializes in dressy and dress-casual shoes and handbags for every occasion.

Similar to our popular pink Cowboy boot, this Roper style has a block heel and round toe. Available in larger sizes than the other pink boot. Size 6 will fit many women.

Clinton from Bostonian is a great option in business wear. The slip-on construction features hidden elastic for a flexible fit, while the leather and rubber outsole offers light traction. A neatly seamed toe and strap completes this classic style.	Dress up or down in affordable style in the Bostonian Clinton saddle slip on. Featuring a cushioned leather insole and a durable leather outsole in an ageless style that transcends trends and fads. Boasting Bostonian quality and craftsmanship, this classic loafer will look equally handsome with jeans or khakis as it will a suit or sport coat and slacks. The Bostonian Clinton rocks!

The ASICS Hyper XCS is a versatile flat designed to provide comfort, support and traction on a variety of surfaces. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot and shores the midfoot. SpEVA midsole provides durability and shock attenuation. Solid rubber outsole helps increase durability and traction. Spikeless outsole with aggressive lugs provides traction. Wt. 8.2 oz.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Men's/Unisex Boots*MACHINIST-I, 12 Eyelets 3 Steel Zipper S/T Calf BTAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.This style comes in mens size. The size difference between men and women is 2, so if you want women size 8, you should choose size 6 here.

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	Light weight synthetic uppers combined with meshNeoprene lining for quick dry functionalityStabilizing heel TPU protection pieceCemented outsole that provides maximum grip on all surfacesWide toe box for improved fitTongue pull loop for quick on and off

Colors

Removable Puma Tuning Chassis with integrated e+CELL in the heel allows players to customize the shoe to their personal requirements. Lightweight semitransparent Schoeller Holotec upper with Powerframe technology, Schoeller Comfer Temp vamp lining, soft full-grain leather ankle lining, unique foldover tongue construction. Lightweight low-profile Pebax/TPU outsole with biomechanically correct Ground Control stud configuration, DuoFlex technology.

For all levels of training and competition. Combination synthetic leather and split-leather upper with RhynoSkin reinforcement placed on medial drive zone for durability, flat laces for reduced lace slippage, Split Sole(TM) Design outsole for greater responsiveness and flexibility. Wt.

Light to medium motion control with added cushioning in forefoot and heel.  Illuminate mesh upper with Respond Foam in tongue, reflective detailing, Superknit moisture wicking materials on collar, tongue and sock. Personal Fit sockliner. TPU Guidance Control reinforcement in heel and midfoot, dual-density medial posting. Midsole Nitracel Engage pad at forefoot, E.T.S. cushioning cartridge in heel with Nitrogen and RIF foams. RYK Impact Foam at heel strike. Weight 10.5 oz.

Make every step count in the brilliant Converse All Star Specialty Ox sneakers.Canvas upper in a casual athletic low-rise sneaker style with a round, rubber capped toeLace-up front with metal eyeletsLogo detailsTextile lining and cushioning insoleVulcanized rubber midsole with a textured rubber toe bumperTextile and rubber traction outsole

iglou black suede 60

The gold standard basic court style from K-Swiss with padded collar and tongue, herringbone tread Aostra rubber sole, and D-ring lace up system.

MIA Shoes was founded in 1976 as a classic Swedish clog resource to the United States. Over the years MIA has grown into a fashion powerhouse with a great assortment of red-hot styling for women and kids. From classic comfort footbeds to cool and contemporary woods from Brazil -- and expanding into edgy, have-to-have-it fashion, MIA continues to push the design envelope, providing a winning combination of comfort, quality and fabulous fashion.	# Leather upper with trendy metal hardware.	# Adjustable quarter strap.	# Padded footbed.	# Stacked wooden heel.

Top of the range, high mileage training shoe offering cushioning, fit and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper with Scotchlite reflective material for night running safety and Achilles' Flex Notch. Dual-density CMEVA midsole with a medial post and a midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid(TM) system provides superior cushioning and stability, forefoot HRC(TM) adds responsive forefoot cushioning. E.A.S. System to help properly guide and support the foot through the gait cycle. XT-900(TM) carbon rubber and XT-Lite outsole provides traction, durability, cushioning and flexibility, flex grooves, Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. Weight 13.5 oz.

These just married flip flops are definitely just for fun! Mark a recent marriage with a "lasting impression in the sand." Simply stroll along the beach with your just married flip flops and share the wonderful news, "JUST MARRIED"will be imprinted in the sand! The top will have the words "just married" printed either on the sandal at the heel or on the strap. Measure your foot in inches and then add 1/2". Buy the closest size in inches. NON-REFUNDABLE, NON-EXCHANGABLE ITEM! Black for men - Medium 11", Large 11.5", X-Large 13" , White for women - Small 9", Medium 9.5", Large 11" Just married flip flops are ideal bridal shower gifts for the Bride and Groom or unique guest favors for informal beach wedding favors. You can personalize your honeymoon sandals with fresh or silk flowers, ribbons, or jewels.  Price is per pair of just married flip flops.

Smoke Lenses Air Force Style Aviators Sunglasses With Case - Case Included. Mil Spec Printed On Case. Aviators Style Sunglasses. Extremely Stylish & Comfortable. US Air Force Style aviators. Class A UV protection. Silver frame. Solid smoke lenses. Military specification printed on case. Printed on Case

The wrong walking shoe can hold you back, especially if you have a foot condition or general foot pain. This sleek and simple oxford, with its easy dual hook-and-loop closures, is specially designed to prevent injury, relieve pain, enhance comfort, and take the pressure off your feet so you can continue with your daily activities. Crafted from a soft, supple leather that reduces rubbing, it features a high toe box to give you extra room, a deep heel cup to help stabilize the foot, and a thick polyurethane outsole for better support and shock absorbency. Extra padding around the collar offers added protection, while the grippy rubber sole delivers excellent traction.	Soothe troubled feet with the comfortable custom fit of the Apex Women's Conform Ambulator Double Strap Hook-and-Loop Shoe. Its soft leather upper is lined in Plastazote foam, which molds to the shape of your foot and wicks away moisture. The polyurethane insole can be removed to deliver added depth or accommodate a personal orthotic; its pressure relief system can also be trimmed for targeted pressure relief. A conform orthotic liner and insole can be professionally molded for a precise fit, and the polyurethane rocker outsole resists slips as it encourages an easier stride. Ideal for those with diabetes, arthritis and forefoot disorders.

At Danner, they are craftsmen. They pay attention to details. They forgo quantity for quality, with the knowledge that the boots they craft are no better than the hands that create them.	Kick "Old Man Winter" down the stairs with ultra-warm Danner Pronghorn GTX Boots! I admit... that's not exactly hospitable treatment... then again, Old Man Winter's not a very hospitable fellow. So go ahead, put a boot in his behind courtesy of these Danner Pronghorns. Simply put, they're some of the best cold-weather hunting Boots money can buy. Toe-saving 1,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation keeps the heat on, no matter how low the mercury plunges. Plus, like their namesake, these babies are lightweight and agile, allowing you to stay spry as a jackrabbit despite the bitter cold. More

This is the MUST HAVE pump of the year! Round close toe design on a beautiful slender imitation stacked heel platform. The perfect pump for casual or dressy wear, be the first to have this hot shoe!

Get back to basics in the always stylish NPC II sneaker from Reebok. Its traditional rounded toe, lace-up front, leather upper, and non-marking rubber sole will give you everything that you need to get the job done. And with a super padded insole and cushy heel collar, you won't be able to find a reason not to wear these stylish kicks everywhere.	Run errands, go for a walk, or just kick around on the weekends in the comfort of the Reebok NPC II. This sporty, men's sneaker features a soft leather upper with a shock-absorbing EVA midsole. The rubber outsole provides reliable traction on a variety of surfaces. This Reebok sneaker has a padded foam sockliner for comfort and support. Get back to basics in the Reebok NPC II!

A responsive stability trainer for runners with medium to low arches. Medial post and midfoot support bridge. 30 Grid system, E.A.S. System, Stability Guide. Arch-Lock midfoot wrap offers superior control and support. XT-900 outsole. Wt. 11.5 oz.

The ASICS GEL -1120 is the latest entry in the 1000 series of running shoes designed to provide exceptional comfort and performance at a price point that appeals to runners of all levels and abilities. Open mesh upper provides excellent comfort and breathability. SpEVA midsole adds durability and shock attenuation. GEL Cushioning systems attenuate shock during impact phase and toe off phases. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot and shores the midfoot. Wt. 11.7 oz.

Children will go bananas over these hard to find sock monkey slippers. These slippers will warm your heart and feet. Cream and brown. Closed heel and non skid sole.

The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility. Weight 10.2 oz.

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole Reaction. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music, and pop culture. Offering the latest in trendy and versatile yet affordable shoes, we are sure you will have a positive Reaction to this exceptional collection.	A relative to the Nip n Tuck, this style helps you to look your sharpest, and offers the added comfort of a mule.	Leather upper.	Vamp strap and grommet detail over a squared toe.	Stacked heel.	Rubber sole.

The GBX Eyelet is a men's casual leather shoe with a padded tongue and interior and cushioned footbed for comfort. Thick rubber outsole features transparent insertions for traction and grip.

The Bandolino Partridge Sandal's cool, casual sophistication sets it apart from other sandals. A distinct tortoise-inspired ring rests on the soft, leather vamp, and its padded insole and slight heel will keep your feet comfy at the beach and beyond. Dress down a long skirt or dress up jeans and fun showing off your new pedicure.	Casual thong. Soft nappa. Tortoise shell ornament. Synthetic lining. Polyurethane molded bottom outsole.

Originally released in 1981, the Puma Lab II is a lightweight training shoe with an unique midsole presentation. Mesh upper allows ventilation, providing breathable comfort at all times. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. Rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

Fila began in 1911 in the small alpine town of Biella, Italy, a place renowned for manufacturing the world's finest textiles and weaving fabrics with impeccable quality, true innovation, and extraordinary beauty. Born of the city and its traditions, Fila is inspired by Biella's dedication to artistry, luxury, and elegance. It's Fila's birthright, it's in their soul, and it defines their future. They continue to enrich the athletic experience by improving comfort and performance with Italian design, quality craftsmanship, and refined materials. There is no feeling quite as luxurious as that of playing in Fila, and that is the reason for Fila's existence. We create what is desired, not just what is necessary.

Reef DramThirsty? Grab your sandal!Comfortable, water friendly synthetic nubuck upper.Contoured compression molded EVA footbed with anatomical arch support.Polyurethane encapsulated canteen in heel with screw cap holds 3oz. of "soda."Cap opens with included exclusive Reef church key/fin key.Unique shaker icon molded Reef rubber outsole.Measurements

Easy Spirit is all about the luxury of being comfortable. This brand works with a "live to the fullest" mantra and delivers footwear with advanced technology, updated classic styling and beautiful materials that are perfect for work, weekend or work-out.	Innovative Easy Spirit Comfort2 technology combines extreme comfort with stability. Walk on the incredibly soft insole and get energized with each step! Shock-absorbing polyurethane outsole and slip-last construction account for the flexibility and the super lightweight feel.

10" Double - H Packer Boots evoke another time... ... when Boots were not only made with sharp style but with quality not usually found today. Well, The Guide recognized the quality of Double-H Boots right away... and decided to offer them to you at a fair price. This dignified pair top-notch leather uppers, ICE outsoles and a removable DRYZ insole for a classy-looking Boot that provides the traction and comfort you're looking for! Top quality footwear from The Guide and Double-H

205100BLG055 Features

As classic as it gets, this leather western-style boot from Durango is poised and ready to hit the streets. The casual design features a V-shaped scallop with distinctive stitching details, reinforced pull straps, smooth leather sole, and stacked heel. Of course, the perfect boot requires the perfect complement -- team it with a great-fitting pair of jeans, blazer and tee to complete the look.	Kick up your heels in Durango 12" Dress Western Boots! When it's time to step out of the corral and on over to the "watering hole", do it in premium Durango style, with quality and comfort as big as Texas! These are ready for a twirl

THIS SHOE RUNS SMALL Universal Soles

Go nuts! For Acorn Polar Mocs. BIG BUCKS OFF! Foot-warming! A cancelled order from a major retailer made this deal possible. Fleece uppers are cozy, insulating, flexible, soft and breathable; Moisture-wicking, fleece-lined padded insole for warmth and comfort; Weatherproof outsole with skid-resistant tread and raised Tuff Tex cushioning pads; Leather rand surrounds the foot for long wear; Each is approx. 3 1/2"h., 6 ozs. State Size,. Med. (9-10), Lg. (10 1/2-11 1/2) or XL (12-13). Men's Acorn Polar Mocs, Navy

The word Aetrex is a derivation of Ae-Treks, meaning One Journey. Your own journey is unique, filled with activities and challenges that ultimately determine how you live your life. The Aetrex mission is to bring to market footwear and footcare products that enable you to live life your way pursuing your favorite activities, avoiding unnecessary setbacks and overcoming challenges whenever possible.

Walking Cradles is the "Want Them. Need Them. Must Have Them" footwear for people who desire comfort at home, work, and play. Made with the finest leathers and fabrics, look for fashionable styles that are trendy and fun to wear. For any occasion, Walking Cradles is the perfect fit!	Surround your foot in all-day comfort with the Walking Cradles Christy bootie. This women's casual shoe has a premium leather upper with overlays, stitching details and both a side zipper and two parallel hook-and-loop straps to enable a custom fit. A breathable fabric lining maintains a healthy environment, while the cushioning Tiny Pillows footbed provides relaxing support to every step. The Walking Cradles Christy shootie is finished with a flexible polyurethane sole for a lightweight, shock-absorbing foundation.

Velvety microdry fabric upper  Pile lining  Fully gusseted front zipper  Heat reflecting insole  Slip-resistant rubber-like sole  1 heel  Guaranteed waterproof NOTE

opas black leather 130

Trim to fit your size.   1 Pair ~ Men's sizes 7-13.  ForceLine Energy Return System.  Butterfly Arch Cradle.  Stabilizing Heel Cup. Even with the best sports shoes, the insole is usually the least advanced feature and is often the first thing to wear out. This can lead to poor performance and even injury. That's why we've created Dr. Scholl's Advantage Sports Insoles - a breakthrough in insole technology designed to help athletes achieve optimum performance!  Dr. Scholl's Advantage Sport Insoles are equipped with a full range of performance benefits, including the advanced ForceLine Energy Return System. An analysis of foot motion shows that with each step we take, we put the most force on a line of pressure points that runs along the full length of our feet. The ForceLine system was designed to return energy along this line of pressure points, providing enhanced efficiency, protection and comfort.     ForceLine Energy Return System Recycles and returns energy with every step for a smoother, more efficient stride; minimizes jarring impact.  Butterfly Arch Cradle Supports both the medial and lateral arches without unnecessary bulk and weight.  Deep Heel Cup  Contoured Arch Support  Improve stability and control motion to reduce overpronation, a leading cause of many common sports injuries.  Antimicrobially Treated Topcloth Kills odor-causing fungus and bacteria.  Wicking Agent Draws away moisture and perspriation to help keep feet dry.  So whether you're looking to maximize the performance of new athletic shoes, or extend the life of broken-in shoes, Dr. Scholl's Advantage Sport Insoles are a premium insole replacement option.  Comfort Guarantee

Upper made of split suede with a soft, glove-like leather lining for comfort. The CMEVA midsole has an anatomical arch support and a durable grippy rubber outsole for great traction.

They were on the feet of the first Olympic runners in Athens. The disciples wore them in Jerusalem, Gladiators and Priestesses wore them in Rome. I wore them in Russia. You can wear them wherever you are in America. They look great laced around your foot. Even though they protect your sole, you still feel like you are running around barefoot. Feels so much better than sneakers, especially in the summer heat.

The Mizuno Wave Lightning is designed for the high-performance volleyball player seeking the ultimate cushioning with specific stability. This high-performance volleyball shoe features Parallel Wave technology in the rubber for lightweight cushioning. Sensorpoint technology connects the Wave plate to the ground for enhanced stability and traction. VS-T technology provides point-of-impact forefoot cushioning. Gum rubber is applied in key outsole areas for enhanced traction and flexibility. Highly breathable air mesh upper keeps feet cool and dry. Wt. 9.1 oz.

These great looking Cascades Logger Boots from Skechers combine rugged with cool. The smooth oiled leather upper elevates this tall ankle-height logger boot above the rest of the pack. Comfort begins with a rounded plain toe, a smooth lining, and a cushioned insole. Other accents include a full lace-up front with metal eyelets and hooks, a rear pull-on loop, and a heavy lug traction outsole.   About Skechers Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Journey through the city or the wild in these rugged mens boots from Skechers. The Skechers Cascades 7210 is set in an oiled leather upper, designed as a seven-eye, lace-up logger. Accented with contrast colored triple stitched overlay, this Skechers boot features a cushioned insole with smooth lining and rear pull-on loop. Rugged, rubber outsole with heavy traction capabilitie finishes off this mens shoe. Show off your rugged side in the Skechers Cascades 7210.

Welcome the future in style with this chunky fashion boot from Pleaser. The Combat 208 features a synthetic upper with stretchy gore straps for a perfect fit. Beneath, a giant manmade platform sole delivers a look like no other.	Heel Height

A perennial favorite, the minimalist design of the Earth Solar allows it to go with just about everything. This classic Earth shoe is set in a leather upper with a cute seam detail on the vamp. The padded collar and ankle strap with stay-put closure, ensure reliable day-to-day consistency for both comfort and fit in this women's shoe. This Earth Mary Jane features signature Kalso Negative Heel technology, so you'll be burning extra calories as you look so cute. Classic style is yours in the Earth Solar.

coyl white paris 110

Straight from the Etnies skate closet comes the Etnies Women's Lo-Slip V, a performance skate shoe with a mesh/suede or textile/suede upper and unique logo deco stitching. Hook-and-loop fastener vamp flap includes faux laces for one-of-a-kind style. STI Foam cushioning footbed cushions the foot. Rubber outsole includes zigzag tread for enhanced traction and board control. ****This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.****

For the latest in high fashion footwear, Vaneli is the brand to watch. Boasting a variety of styles, Vaneli offers the perfect complement to any eveningwear. With a mind on fashion and an eye on comfort, these shoes deliver a perfect blend of long-wearing style.

Women's Florsheim Steel Toe Eurocasual Slip-Ons. Florsheim's Eurocasual Slip-Ons are extremely flexible and protective. Check out the details

#47700 Flat athletic laces. 54

Get comfortable with your practical side in the Lace Bio Boot from Apex. Part of the Ambulator Biomechanical collection, this walking boot has a full grain leather upper and leather lining for fashionable quality. A hidden-depth rocker sole accommodates orthotics and provides stability by allowing for a natural stride, while a removable comfort orthotic can be customized to reduce pressure on areas that experience the most discomfort. This shoe is often recommended for those with diabetes, arthritis, or anyone looking for supreme comfort.

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	Strappy, sexy and totally femme, the Naturalizer Kadie dress sandal is always ready to finesse a party look. This elegant women's slip-on sandal features a satin or metallic, snake-print faux leather upper with crisscrossing, sweeping straps, including a slingback strap with inset elastic for a snug, forgiving fit. Perched atop the champagne glass-shaped heel, a cushioned footbed and a flexible, non-slip sole lend comfort and reliable traction to every stunning step you take in the Naturalizer Kadie dress pump.

iglou natural suede 60

100% waterproof construction. Soft pvc for maximum comfort and stays flexible in cold temperatures. Slip resistant outsole

Athletic styling and premium technical comfort come together in this lightweight yet sturdy workday boot from Ariat. The men's Terrain is constructed in rich full-grain leather and Cordura, with a moisture-wicking lining and a rugged, non-marking, slip-resistant Duratread outsole. Ariat's ATS footbed technology features a composite fork shank plus a removable molded orthotic gel footbed, providing the cushioning, support, and stability you need when you're on your feet all day.	Men's Ariat 5 1/2" Terrain Boots. These Ariat Terrain Boots combine the lightweight comfort technology of athletic shoes with unique foot stabilizer and pressure relief. Ariats offer a sleek profile, plus all-around comfort and durability

Show off your team spirit with the NFL recliner sneaker from Reebok featuring the Green Bay Packers logo embroidered on the side. This casual has a soft leather, pigskin-inspired upper for comfort and support and a padded foam sockliner for comfort and cushioning. This shoe is great for watching the game at the stadium, in the bar, or from the couch.	Show off your team spirit with this Reebok NFL Recline Falcons sneaker.

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Dr. Martens 6" 8836 Volcano Steel Toe Hiker Boots. All day durability and comfort awaits! Feel free to wear these Hiker Boots to work or on a nature walk through the forest! Either way, you'll be covered with water-resistant protection on the full-grain leather uppers! And that's not all... a nylon-mesh covered contoured EVA insole absorbs shock so your feet stay nice and comfy through the day. And with a steel toe, you'll be prepared for unforeseen hazards. Top it all off with a no-slip grip on the patented air-cushioned sole... resists oils, petrol and alkili so you can safely step through the job site. Climb tough terrain

Wolverine 8" DuraShocks Kiltie Lacers! "Work. Work. Work!" Those were the legendary words of Maynard G. Krebs from The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis TV show. Bet Maynard wouldn't have been complaining if he had been wearing these ultra-comfortable Work Boots by Wolverine! Nor will you! Fact is, work isn't work if your feet are happy. Right now, you can SAVE on made-to-last footwear. All due to a discontinued style! No-nonsense attitude

Matterhorn Mach Boot. Leather and nylon uppers combine with GORE - TEX waterproof protection for a pair of unstoppable stompers! Matterhorn is known for making "extreme boots for extreme conditions" and this sure-footed pair definitely fits the bill! Made to meet or exceed requirements for safety and your foot's demand for comfort... the Matterhorn Mach Boot is one tough trooper. The uppers made with a tenacious tag-team of water-resistant full-grain leather and super-tough 1,200-denier nylon give you breathable and durable protection, while the waterproof GORE-TEX bootie and moisture-wicking lining combine to give you total moisture control inside and out! A step in the right direction

Handmade in Florence from Italian 	nappa lambskin, the Firenze Collection 	compliments the Borsa Collection with 	the same flawless construction and 	attention to detail. The "nappa", or 	softness, is buttersoft - and what makes 	a Floto wallet unique is the aniline dying 	process. Aniline is the highest quality 	natural dye that can be used in the 	tanning process. A very small percentage 	of leather is dyed with aniline - which 	makes it soft and rich in color. 		The Firenze Compact Clutch comes 	in 6 colors - Black, Tan, Yellow, Tuscan 	Red, Cream, and Blu

Sorrel's Northern Lite women's zip boots combine a soft suede upper and faux fur cuff trim with rugged Sorrel traction and a waterproof lining. Style and warmth for your feet when you need it most, the Northern Light boot will make your next trip to the mountain comfortable and stylish.	Sorel's cold weather footwear is ideal for those participating in active winter sports like snowmobiling or sledding, or for activities where maximum protection is required -- like all-season hunting or fishing, or simply going to work.

A classic look in a comfortable cleat? It's not too good to be true, thanks to this King Classic Top DI soccer shoe from PUMA. This professional soccer cleat  a true modern classic  effortlessly blends advanced technology with contemporary design. Ideal for hard natural surfaces, this shoe boasts a lightweight outsole with conical stud configuration to provide maximum comfort and ball control.	#19568  UPPER

Skechers are famous for crafting a shoe that can take the punishment kids dish out, now theyve turned that talent to a grown-mans work day with the Blue Ridge boot. The fully padded, hiker-style design features a leather and mesh upper plus a smooth breathable lining. A contoured, removable insole also makes standing and walking less of a chore and the slip-resistant rubber outsole ensure no slip-ups through your busy day.	Find power in the SKECHERS Work Energy-Blue Ridge boot. Leather upper in a work boot with lace up front and padded collar. Breathable and durable ultra liner. Removable cushioned polyurethane insole. Compression molded phylon midsole. Oil resistant, high abrasion nitrile rubber outsole. Steel Toe rated ASTM F 2413-05 M I/75 C/75 EH.

Comfortable Slippers with backbone! Look

The classic open toe Latin T-Strap available in 3 colors. All leather uppers with suede sole and padded insole for comfort and flexibility. Slim 2 1/2-inch leather heel. Great for Latin, Salsa or any type of ballroom dancing. Ladies order your regular USA street shoe size.

{{ITEMSHORTDESC}}

After 15 years in the industry, Perlina has established itself as one of the most important leathergoods manufacturers. Once a secondary business run from the basement of the Mizrahi brothers' retail shop on New York's 5th Avenue, the rapidly expanding manufacturer currently boasts an international distribution spanning 500 doors in the US alone, two in-house labels and a new self-titled free-standing boutique. Tending to the needs of their exacting customers, organization was the foremost design focus for the Mizrahi brothers' first independent collections. Multiple hidden zipper pockets, numerous compartment dividers and extra slots keep Perlina's customers organized with style.

A versatile spike with superior cushioning and support for cross country and track. Minimalistic lightweight upper with suede reinforcements. CMEVA midsole provides enhanced cushioning and protection, Trusstic System adds midfoot support on all surfaces, solid rubber outsole offers improved traction on all surfaces including indoor tracks. Wt. 7.3 oz.

Engineered synthetic and synthetic mesh upper, CMEVA midsole, high-traction rubber outsole.

Vans Trujillo TNT Verdent Green/White Shoes. The TNT redefines a vintage design with quality materials and supporting construction. Endorsed by Thrasher Skater of the Year, allterrain destroyer Tony Trujillo

It's easy to look sophisticated when you're wearing the Earl slip-on from Hush Puppies. Luxe suede remains the focus, and you won't have to worry, because it has been treated to repel water and to resist scuffs and stains. A molded footbed will comfort you all throughout your busy work day.	Hush Puppies original signature casual slip-on design. Authentic and timeless styling for today's modern man.

BCBGeneration delivers a unique blend of uncompromising fashion. Now you can have glorious style without skimping on all-day comfort, and with a variety of different looks, you're bound to find just the right complement to any outfit. Versatile enough for casual and dress, BCBGeneration provides the unlikely combination of maturity and playfulness in every style.	BCBGeneration cooks up yet another delicious style with these stunning Katchen pumps.Leather upper in a dress pump style with a pointed toeSculpted vamp with leather overlays on sidesSmooth lining with a cushioning insoleRubber traction outsole3 1/4 inch stiletto heel

From the distinctive hang tab at the heel to the yellow stitching along the sole, this Unisex 10 Eye Steel Toe Boot is unmistakably Dr. Martens through and through. You're bound to appreciate tough Goodyear welt construction and the deceptively supple leather upper, which belies the tough steel toe cap it covers. The fine haircell leather is of the highest quality, assuring your satisfaction with this quality boot, no matter what your line of work or choice of pastime. Benefits of Goodyear Welt Goodyear welt is a shoe construction in which the upper and sole of the shoe are stitched together for greater durability rather than glued. The resulting seam is visible and runs around the outside of the shoe, where the upper and outsole meet. About Dr. Martens  Dr. Martens is the stuff of legends. It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctors immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Their boots and shoes have become icons, recognized worldwide for theiruncompromising looks, durability and comfort. The Dr. Martens 1919 10 Eye Steel Cap Boot embodies all that is true and unique to Dr. Martens. Dipping into their archive , the traditional boot comes complete with a slightly lower height but still has a very masculine, sturdy presence. The original Dr. Martens air-cushioned outsole provides underfoot comfort and durability. It is oil- and fat-resistant, tough and offers good abrasion and slip resistance. This is a Goodyear-welted product. The upper and sole are sewn together, not merely glued, like many footwear constructions. This, together with the Z welt-stitch and heat-sealing process, makes it unique to Dr. Martens. Step out in this classic look, the Dr. Martens 1919 10 Eye Steel Cap Boot.

sweater babyblue fabric 110

The TYR Alliance Team Nuzzles Thong, with its cozy footbed and multi-layered sole provides softness, support and cushioning while maintaining stability and traction. The upper is composed of Neoprene, flexible synthetic rubber, four-way stretch polyurethane and synthetic leather with a nubuck finish. Has a soft cushion insole with a durable midsole and rubber sponge outsole with a non-skid texture.

This leather huarache looks great with jeans, shorts, sundresses or most any casual wear  Leather upper  Memory foam cushion insole  Bouncy polyurethane outsole  1 at the heel

Full-grain leather upper adds comfort, support and durability, reflective material adds safety and night visibility, polyurethane removable sockliner provides comfort and support, grip strip for improved heel lift, Transition Bridge supports the midfoot arch, DMX(TM) Walk Chamber Unit offers walking specific moving air cushioning, beveled heel design enhances walking stride, Opti-Flex Zone improves forefoot flexibility.

fiestey white leather 75

Klub Nico is a brand of Ipanema, Inc. a Northern California-based company founded by Kelley A. Lehner in 2003. All Klub Nico footwear is manufactured in the south of Brazil using a combination of traditional craftsmanship and the latest technology in shoe making. Their mission is to provide quality, unique shoes suitable for the modern fashionable women.	mfr

fiestey white leather 70

Florsheim's Norton linen moc-toe oxford is everything you could want or need in a high-quality dress shoe. Imported from Europe, this stylish oxford is crafted from soft calf skin with a linen vamp and a flexible leather sole with a fully cushioned leather-covered footbed. Its sophisticated color contrast adds a touch of class to any outfit.	This moc toe slip-on features a high quality upper, leather linings, a Comfortechnology footbed with Suedetec, and a rubber sole.

Sesto Meucci has the latest silhouettes, colors, and textures made in Italy and Spain by the finest Italian technicians. Their reputation for fit and comfort has been well known and uncompromised for 30 years.	* Woven Italian calfskin upper to shape to your foot	 * Stained leather sole with a rubber insert for flexibility	 * Made in Italy	 * A great rendition of a classic, sophisticated styling and elegant silhouette makes you look as good walking around town as you do standing still	 * Padded insoles and cushioned rubber outsole for extreme comfort

If you want to be a style stand-out, this Anuschka hobo is a must. Fashioned from rich leather and painted by hand in a colorful palette with a hint of metallics, it's sure to get you noticed. The unique dual-compartment entry and exterior welt pockets add extra attitude.	Anuschka an-ush-ka n. like no other.Anuschka bags are a feast for the eyes. The colors are a very powerful element in these designs. The wide range of abstracts, imaginary and natural scenes, depicted in muted colors of all shades and hues, transforms each handbag into an object of timeless art.

Leather upper with neoprene lug outsole.

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	Stylish Stacy Adams Miguel Dress Shoes. Leading the way in a new world of foot-comforting dress shoes are these Stacy Adams Miguels. Permanent, leather-lined, polyurethane insole, the kind you might find in an athletic shoe, provides a shock-absorbing step. Leather uppers for style; Long-wearing composite outsole; Full leather lining. Each approx. 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Today! Men's Stacy Adams Miguel Dress Shoes, Black

Mootsies Tootsies Kids delivers trend-right footwear geared towards fashion conscious girls. These collections feature cool and savvy styles that allow girls to express their individuality and their flare for fashion. Mootsies Kids offers what's new, what's next and what's hot!

A supportive trainer offering a combination of cushioning and stability. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support. C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB full footbed forefoot adds maximum shock absorption, Stability Web offers midfoot support and torsional stability, TS2 supplies optimal support while enhancing transition from heel strike to forefoot. Blown rubber outsole for lightweight cushioned ride. Weight 12.0 oz.

ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 1963. Today they own and operate factories throughout Europe and Asia. They produce all the leather used in making Ecco shoes, taking measures to protect the environment at the same time. Their sole aim is to make a comfortable walking shoe.	The 'Traverso Bicycle Toe' lace-up offers a versatile look for fall. Soft oiled-nubuck upper provides long-lasting, breathable wear with no break-in required. Dri-Lex lining wicks away moisture and provides additional cushioning. Lightweight, one-component polyurethane outsole with leather welt and shock point direct injected. Buy with confidence. We guarantee this is a brand new and 100% original product.

Betsey Johnson's designs are about fun, individuality, and a bright outlook, and the Kansas sandal is no exception. From the funky floral print and seed-beaded strap, to the signature- and heart-detailed outsole, this flip embodies all those things.	Brand and Style - BETSEY JOHNSONKansas    Size - 10    Width - Medium (B, M)    Color - Black    Material - All Man Made Materials

In the high-mountain valley known as Staheekum, the rivers run cold, the mornings are brisk and the winters come early.  Yet its residents remain comfortably warm right down to their foot, due in no small part to Staheekum Brand Slippers.  Inside, natural sheepskin caresses your feet; outside a velvety natural upper surrounds them.  Yet despite this unparalleled level of comfort, Staheekums are as rugged as their namesake landscape thanks to handcrafted construction using the finest natural materials.  Staheekum is synonymous with comfortable surroundings.  Whether that's from the valley's reputation or slippers is often debated late into the night.

Buttermilk skies and warm, desert breezes were made for this western-detailed sandal Leather upper Foam insole covered in soft synthetic suede Rubber-like wedge sole 1-1/8 heel Available in whole sizes only, half sizes please order the next size up

Once credited with helping you "run faster and jump higher," the Sandlot from PF Flyers is a reissue of a classic shoe destined to remain in style for generations. Featuring a high-performance insole with the PF wedge (specially designed to aid all that fast running and high jumping), smooth and durable leather upper, canvas lining and a sturdy rubber sole, this ultra-cool sneaker is great for casual days and weekends, on or off the court.	PF Flyers Retro Shoes

The Falmouth Parka is a great year round light weight jacket. With a nylon shell and fleece liner it offers both water resistance and light insulation. Dark Green body color with Black trim and lining.	Splish, splash, they'll have a blast in these Columbia Splisher adventure sandals.  Synthetic upper in a casual, water-friendly sandal style with an enclosed, bumper protected toe.  Dual hook  loop closures for an easy-on, comfortable fit.  Padded heel strap.  Nylon mesh lining.  Techlite, EVA foam footbed.  Omni-Grip(TM) non-marking rubber traction outsole.

6.5 inch Stiletto Heel Oxford Women's Size Shoe.

The design of the Reebok SXT Lo cross training shoe adds lateral support and stability. A leather and mesh upper offers comfort and support. IMEVA midsole, removable EVA sockliner. DMX Foam provides cushioning. Multi-surface traction outside with forefoot flex grooves. Wt. 13.0 oz

Both dressy and casual looks will get a big fashion boost from this shoe from Jessica Simpson. The Brenda pump, available in a palette of solid hues, also has a sexy vibe thanks to its silhouette-enhancing shape stiletto.	The Jessica Simpson Brenda shoes feature a suede upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Corcoran Men's 10" Leather Field Boots

Nunn Bush knows that an elegant loafer will go a long way in your wardrobe and offers the Bentley to fit your everyday needs. It is sleek and stylish with a soft leather upper and a fully cushioned sock liner that will move with your foot. This shoe is airport friendly and features a thermo plastic shank, and all the comfort that you deserve throughout your busy day.	Relax into your weekend in the Bentley moc toe loafer from Nunn Bush. This slip-on shoe is designed with comfort and quality in mind, from the genuine handsewn construction of the kidskin leather upper to the leather lining from heel to toe. A fully cushioned footbed and a flexible polyurethane sole complete this comfortable shoe.

Size Modifier

Go retro with Gola's sporty Douglas satchel. Cool color combos and vintage styling give this bag casual good looks. The exterior zip pocket offers additional space for need-right-now items.	For the everyday run around or a weekend get away, this charming bag has a zippered main compartment and an external zip compartment.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. We offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel and performance.  We've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes. Our goal? To develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance in your specific activity, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From our studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies-like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system--provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	Women's responsive cushioned trainer for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and flexibility.

Pure lines and speedy simplicity, this lightweight, cushioned, post-sport slip-on embraces your feet. Lightweight materials upper provide comfort and breathability, GEL Cushioning System adds rearfoot cushioning.  Wt. 8.0 oz.

Classic adidas styling and dynamic performance features make this adidas tennis shoe the clear choice for outstanding on-court action. Herringbone outsole delivers maximum traction on a variety of court surfaces. 3D Torsion System provides the best midfoot integrity. Injected EVA midsole with adiPRENE insert offers cushioning and shock absorption. adiPRENE+ insert in forefoot delivers propulsion and efficiency. Mesh upper offers lightweight, breathable support. Textile lining provides comfort and secure fit.

Who says you have to be loud to make a statement? The adidas Pro Model S basketball shoe with the classic 3-Stripes shell-toe offers a leather upper, a breathable vented outsole and dual-density EVA for lightweight support. Full-grain and synthetic leather upper adds comfort and durability. Rubber toe cap offers additional durability. adiPRENE in the forefoot and Torsion System bar provides midfoot arch protection. Injected EVA midsole delivers long-term lightweight cushioning. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 15.0 oz.

5 inch Heel Ankle High Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Cut-out Heel.

This shoe was originally designed for a cross country running with a unique toe and heel wrap for extra traction. In the early '90s the distinctive ripple outsole was added and became its signature feature. Leather upper, EVA midsole, rubber outsole. Wt. 12.8 oz.

Quite simply, chic timeless beauty, refined and elegant. Audrey features smooth grain leather, contrasting trim and interiors. This checkbook clutch wallet holds it all - and then some.

A blend of cushioning and flexibility that allows your feet to explode off the ground, stride after stride. Highly ventilated air mesh upper provides maximum breathability. S-257(TM) Cushsole offers even more cushioning and flexibility. HydroFlow in heel and forefoot absorbs shock and stabilizes the foot. Engineered Cush-Pod(TM) configuration sets the foot in an efficient, balanced position from heel strike to toe-off while providing maximum cushioning and flexibility. Full-length S-257(TM) midsole provides energy return and cushioning with 15% extended life characteristics. Dual-density DRB(TM) Accel molded TPU placed under the midfoot provides added medial support and torsional rigidity for a smooth transition from heel to toe. HPR Plus high-density carbon rubber outsole, e-1(TM) progressively dampens the forces of energy that occur during heel contact. Weight 10.5 oz.

Whether you're relaxing after a hard day of skiing or headed down to the local store for a sled load of groceries, the Salomon Snow Clog is the comfortable and practical alternative to cumbersome high-cuff snow boots. A warm and plush Thinsulate liner eliminates the hassles of extra socks or chemical heat pads. Beneath the support and insulation is Salomon's highly technical Winter Contragrip outsole, an innovative combination of rubber compounds that resist hardening in frigid conditions when you need traction most. If you like the leather upper and Winter Contragrip outsole but want a little more room around the ankles, take a moment to click over to Salomon's low-slung Power Slide shoe.

Casual looks and Carolina durability combine in the ST Glove women's Oxfords. Who says that work shoes have to look frumpy? No one wants to hear the inevitable "granny's orthopedic shoes" comments, and the Carolina ST Glove Oxfords will put that thought far out of anyone's mind. As a matter of fact, we fully expect people to ask you where you got those great looking shoes. That's your opportunity to brag a bit, and honestly, we don't mind. You've earned it by being a savvy shopper and getting a shoe like the Carolina ST Glove Oxfords. Oh, you can embellish the story however you see fit, just try to keep a level head about things. No one likes an egotist. However you describe your experience, we know you will rave about the Carolina ST Glove Oxford shoes.

These are the men's 47000 Instigator GTX brown full grain leather boot. They have a 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining for ultimate and breathable comfort. They have a lightweight stable platform to enhance support and performance. These are also available with insulation for warmth in cold conditions.

Update your wardrobe with a dash of posh versatility. This pointed toe dress boot from Giorgio Brutini features Cabra kidskin construction and an inside zipper, plus a genuine leather sole and a 50mm pitched Cuban heel.	Update your wardrobe with a dash of posh versatility. This pointed toe dress boot from Giorgio Brutini features Cabra kidskin construction and an inside zipper, plus a genuine leather sole and a 50mm pitched Cuban heel. Feel the love of this iconic retro dress boot style from Giorgio Brutini. Smooth polished leather upper in an ankle-height dress boot style, with tapered, pointed toe, stitching, seaming and overlay accents and full interior zip up side. 6 1/2 inch low boot shaft, 5 inch basic diameter. Smooth lining with a cushioned insole and dress midsole. Smooth leather dress outsole, with a 2 inch capped dress heel.

Why do we love Wolverine boots? Aren't they named after our favorite comic book character? These Wolverine 1123 6-Inch Steel-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boots are just what we would imagine he would wear, too. The Wolverine 1123 6-Inch Steel-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boot is made with waterproof Wolverine performance leather uppers, lined with Cambrelle, and insulated with thermal foam. The non-removable full-cushion footbed is padded to absorb shock and provide comfort. Even a superhero needs comfort. The fiberglass shank is lightweight and stable, weighing 75% less than steel shanks. That means less fatigue for you at the end of the day when energy may be an issue. The uppers are sewn directly to the rubber non-marking, oil- and slip-resistant soles using direct attach construction. These boots are assembled in the USA and are rated for electrical hazard and meet or exceed the ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 standards for steel toe boots. Wolverine probably wears a pair of Wolverine 1123 6-Inch Steel-Toe Waterproof Insulated Work Boots in his real life. Although these would be perfect boots to wear while fighting bad guys because they offer so much protection. And that ain't just fantasy. Get yourself a pair. If you're not off fighting villians Wolverine also offers this style with a soft toe as 1189. There's also the 8" variation available as a soft toe (1149) and a safety toe (1124). Sizes Manufactured

Magnum's lightest full-function duty boots. 6 inches of quality, function, durability and, get this, light weight! Magnum Phantom 6" Boots shave weight but without cutting the quality thanks to a lighter dual-density sole and use of advanced composites and synthetics. Your feet stay light, comfortable and ready for action. Magnum quality that's made to stand up to the most demanding situations while offering uncompromising comfort and performance. Details

Women's Maxiumum Cushioning running shoe for the neutral foot type.

Designed by pro-skater Ryan Sheckler, the Sheckler 3 from etnies kicks other skate shoes to the curb. It has a triple-stitched toe cap, padded tongue and collar, a removable insole with heel padding, and STI Foam level 2 cushioning with a wrap-around heel cup for better rear foot support and stability when your kid's tearing up the streets.	Designed by Ryan Sheckler, the Etnies Sheckler 3 kids' shoe features the style and comfort every skater wants. The padded tongue and collar provide comfort and help prevent blisters, while the gum rubber outsole with an internal EVA midsole offers grip and cushioning.

Justin 11" Saltillo Boots for women! Justin Boots are for people going places. Whether your life is centered in the asphalt jungle or 20 miles from civilization, a pair of quality Boots carefully crafted from durable leather can make your journey a little easier. Check them out

For a classic thats graced mens fashion for over 50 years, check out this Desert boot from Clarks. This chukka features a leather upper with a two-eyelet lace-up for a casual fit. Beneath, a plantation crepe sole delivers legendary cushioning for all-day comfort.	For a sophisticated shoe that is sure to be a constant in your life, the Men's Clarks Desert Boot Casual Boots are a timeless classic for casual and dressed up attire. The lace-up style is unique with only two lace holes, and allows for a perfectly adjustable fit. The unlined full grain leather uppers are soft and breathable while the suede-lined counter promotes heel stability and everyday natural comfort. A nature-formed last allows your toes to breathe and spread out while the leather-covered EVA footbed helps keep feet dry and comfortable for those extra long days when they don't get to rest.

Kodiak Quad Air Anti - static Safety Toes. Enter workaholics! Comfortable, metal-free, safety footwear ready for projects, jobsite, shop and honey-do lists. Meets both CSA and ANSI protective footwear standards. Excess means BIG SAVINGS! Leather and breathable mesh uppers; Sure-grip, oil-resistant rubber outsole; Shock-absorbing EVA, dual-density midsole with Quad Air cushioning heel; TPU shank for stability; Removable, mesh-lined, EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue and collar; 2 VELCRO brand straps; ANSI 75 rated Rockforce safety toe; Static dissipative. Each approx. 4 3/4" h., 22 ozs.; State Size. Medium width. Work on ordering yours today! Men's Kodiak Quad Air Safety Toes, Black

Maximize your play time with a shoe that craves weekends. The Neoflexor from Ecco has a polyurethane outsole with  the ability to move easily from city streets to country paths. It has an athletic design that gives a business look a little more sport, and adds a sporty look to business casual wear.	Mens ECCO NEOFLEXOR TIE

Similar to the Classic boots but with a heel and toe protecter. 100% premium wool fleece wicks moisture away. Naturally thermostatic, sheepskin maintains body temperature in warm or cold climates. Genuine fleece sock liner means ultra snuggly comfort and warmth. Cow suede toe and heel bumper for abrasion resistance. Ultra outsole - UGG's finest outsole for both comfort and functionality. Molded rubber lug cupsole for strength and durability on rugged surfaces and in inclement weather. 5mm latex heel and arch support combined with 5mm EVA foam midsole for ultra comfort. Textured, reflective barrier blocks cold air out and traps warm air in for maximum warmth. Tapered 5mm EVA foam dropped into heel cup for added comfort and lighter weight. Sidewall stitch construction for maximum durability. The Ultra Short is about 9 inches tall.

A classic adidas indoor soccer legend, remastered. The Samba Millenium starts with the smooth, clean Samba style, with a leather upper and suede toe overlay, thick side stripes, color accented heel panel, and full lace up front. Modern Adidas logos combine with classic Samba side logo, with a padded collar, soccer-style leather tongue, and smooth lining. Cushioned insole, with a cushioned and stabilized TorSion midsole, and a gum rubber traction sole.

Capezio's Toggle DS10C dance sneaker offers comfort and flexibility for all your little one's moves. The flat, boxed toe helps aid in toe stands, a mesh arch provides terrific support, and the outsole features built-in flex points. Plus it's easy to get this shoe on and off thanks to a no-lace toggle design.	Lightweight, breathable, versatile polyester/cotton upper Flat, boxed toe for toe stands Split sole design for flexibility and foot articulation PU outsole with built-in patented flex points and forepart spin spot Superior built in arch support system Padded tongue, collar, and foam padding throughout Dyeable Speed looped lacing system uses an elastic toggle design Removable toggle Contoured, cushioned, removable EVA footbed Mesh arch Pull tab

****Black/White/Black, White/Navy and White/Red will not be available to ship until the middle of September.**** ONLY AT EASTBAY! Classic inspired style for players of all abilities. Synthetic/Patent leather upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, Torsion system, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole.  Wt. 14.5 oz.

These classic black & white shoes are hard to resist- just like your little charmer.   Why Komfort Kidz? Our shoes are made from the softest leather and will gently cradle your child's foot. The rubber sole is designed to flex with each step your child takes. This is so important for growing feet. The rubber sole also provides protection, as it is a non-slip sole. Great for busy toddlers! Pediatricians recommend that children under two years of age go barefoot or when unable to that they wear lightweight flexible shoes. Every shoe that Komfort Kidz sells meets these standards for these early developing years and beyond. Don't settle for anything less than comfort when it comes to your child's shoes.

Comfort comes first with the Arcopedico New Sec! Set in a hand-knit nylon upper, this women's slip-on features an elasticized collar for easy on/off and a flexible fit. Your feet will love the soft breathability and form fitting comfort. An anatomic footbed design and the angle of construction allow for superior arch support and equal weight distribution for maximum comfort. A leather lined latex insole, with heel cradle, offers superior comfort and all day wearability for this Arcopedico slip-on. Your feet will appreciate the incredible lightweight support of the Arcopedico New Sec!

sweater bon/bge fabric 70

Designed for the modern woman, the Orly from Luichiny is a sexy, pointy-toed leather pump with a flirty, adjustable ankle strap. The sophisticated heel, lightly cushioned footbed, and treaded sole make this versatile shoe ideal for either work or play. Pair the Orly with suits, skirts, and dresses for a polished look.	Luichiny is your source for high fashion footwear and accessories. Luichiny products are a sexy and trendy with unique textiles, leathers, and ornamentation. The collection features women's boots, sandals, pumps, flats and a variety of handbags. Luichiny is perfect for the woman who wants her independence and wants to get noticed in the outside world at an affordable price.

Cotton terry for absorbency & comfort Embroidered 3-Bars Extra wide fit

Bright metallic hobos that accessorize any outfit.

Tommy Bahama's Polynesian Passion thongs for women feature smooth leather uppers with wooden ring embellishments on the vamp straps for added appeal. The thinly-cut, short heels add extra style to these svelte sandals that will enhance your favorite casual denim or dress ensembles.	Tommy Bahama presents a complete line of casual yet upscale footwear for men and women. Made in Italy and Spain using only the highest quality materials, Tommy Bahama blends comfort and fashion with features including cushioned insoles and lightweight flexible outsoles. Step into a pair of Tommy Bahamas and relax in the style of the islands.

berlin brown leather 55

Waterproof full-grain leather with rugged pigskin upper. 400-gram ThinsulateTM Ultra Insulation adds warmth. Permanent direct-attach construction seals out water. Patented, long-lasting Dri-lex lining wicks away sweat and keeps skin dry and comfortable. Removable double density footbed adds cushioning and stability. Tough, lightweight polyurethane midsole. Fiberglass shank stabilizes foot, weighs 75% less than steel and reduces fatigue. Vibram Rubber outsole maximizes traction and performance. Steel toe rated ASTM F2413-11 M I/75 C/75 EH.

You dont have to be an ice road trucker to appreciate this rugged work boot from Caterpillar. The Alaska features a leather upper with a metal lace up that includes speed hooks for a quick, secure fit. A steel toe protects against hazards, while the lugged rubber sole gives you the grip and traction you need to get the job done.	The lace-to-toe Alaska boot has a full grain leather upper and low heel treaded outsole. Features Goodyear Welt construction for extra durability and stability. This boot is also slip-resistant.

The RYK N-Gage Innovation Run running shoe offers premium cushioning and rebound for a high arch/supinator. Synthetic and mesh upper gives lightweight, breathable support. Visible rearfoot and forefoot Engage provides superior cushioning with rebound. Midfoot TPU shank adds arch support and stability. Removable, molded Nitracel sockliner delivers added cushioning and comfort.

With rugged good looks and a synthetic fleece-lined collar to warm your ankles, the Sussex Closed Back Slipper keeps your foot snug and toasty. Capable of indoor/outdoor wear with its durable outsole, the Sussex has a naturally contoured footbed and a full-length cushioned insole. You'll look handsome in this house slipper's stone-washed corduroy uppers.	The Sussex slipper from L.B. Evans proves that rugged can by cozy. A stone-washed corduroy upper gives a decidedly masculine look to these slippers, while the sherpa-lined, full-length cushioned footbed is the ultimate in comfort. The durable sole works both indoors and outdoors, so you don't have to change into shoes to walk the dog or get the mail.

The New Balance 659 is a supportive cushioned shoe for fitness-level walkers. Colors

adidas a3 Garnett II Team basketball shoe features a full-grain leather upper with internal bootie and integrated fit system. a3 Energy-Management System comprised of polyurethane components for cushioning guidance and stability. adiPRENE+, Torsion System. Non-marking, high-traction rubber outsole. Wt. 19.6 oz.

Built for the extreme overpronator seeking the ultimate in ASICS motion control technologies with compromsing cushioning. Synthetic leather and mesh upper with reflective materials. SpEVA midsole with GEL Cushioning System in heel and forefoot, an extended DuoMax medial post and an extended Trussic system to help prevent overpronation. AHAR rubber outsole for forefoot flexibilty and durability. Imported. Semi-curved, slip-lasted construction. Wt. 13.0 oz.

Stylish workaholics. NEW Dr. Martens Steel Toe Chukka Boots... comfort 24/7. Introducing pure comfort. Just what Dr. Martens are all about. Since feet carry their owners around 115,000 miles in their lifetime, it's important to have the very best footwear around. That's where these Chukkas come in. Goodness

Fully lined interior with elastic loops of various sizes designed to hold all your essentials

Tumbled leather upper with direct embroidery logos and rubber toe cap, die-cut EVA midsole, rubber outsole with herringbone pattern for traction.

Timberland's Euro Hiker boot holds up to plenty of wear and tear, year after year. It's rugged and dependable to keep your feet comfortable while offering plenty of support--all in a great-looking boot.	Timberland's Men's fabric and leather Euro Hiker boots hold up to plenty of wear and tear, year after year. Rugged and dependable to keep your feet comfortable while offering plenty of support - all in a great looking boot. Imported..

Shoe Goo repairs worn shoes and prevents premature wear. Easy-to-Use, dries overnight. Shoe Goo is an excellent adhesive, which can be used with a wide variety of materials (shoe soles, camping/fishing gear, etc.). Shoe Goo is actually rubber in a tube, with solvents added to make it more applicable for hundreds of uses. Once cured, Shoe Goo is an extremely tough, resilient rubber surpassing the strength of most adhesives. It is highly flexible and can be used to create a non-slip surface, or provide an excellent waterproofing cover. 3.7 fl. oz. tube.

This Professional Shoe Stretcher is made of hardwood and comes in eight (7) different sizes. The One-Way Shoe Stretcher transforms any pair of tight shoes for men or women into a pair of perfectly fitting shoes. No more breaking in of new shoes! The Professional Shoe comes complete with two Bunion Plugs that can be inserted into the foot piece to provide you with extra pressure relief in oppressive areas.

adiSAVE integrated molded spine was created especially for the basketball player to provide natural flexibility for shooting, dribbling and driving but stiffens when the ankle begins to roll. Leather upper CMEVA midsole with adiPRENE(TM) and adiPRENE+(TM) . Torsion System provides stability and control. Non-marking herringbone outsole.

Springboost was formed from the collective efforts of a number of sport passionate and entrepreneurial individuals who came together to develop a high performance athletic footwear technology and brand. The footwear technology Springboost developed allows one to jump higher, run faster while using less energy. After five years of intensive research in biomechanics and field testing, initiated by Behrouz Bayat and continued by Dr. Jrg Fuchslocher, it became clear that using new biomechanical principals one could positively affect performance in sports and in training. In early 2005, Springboost launched its first line of footwear solutions for the fitness market under the name B-Fit. Simultaneously the company developed footwear lines for other sport categories. Springboost is out to train the world, to enhance performance and pleasure to all the sport enthusiasts who have a passion for what they do, for those striving to bring out the best in themselves while improving their well-being, health and vigor.

Once a high-performance training shoe, the Puma Men's Roma PF US EXT is now making a name for itself on the street. A one-to-one copy of  the 1960's original, this cool, casual training shoe features a full-grain leather upper with a rich pigskin stripe. EVA midsole offers comfort and cushioning. Rubber outsole delivers traction and grip.

If you are an avid walker and need a sturdy shoe that has complete protection,   then the Life Walker sneaker from Propet is perfect for your active lifestyle. Its   perforated upper will add maximum breathability while its fully padded lining and footbed   will keep you feeling good with every step. And with full shock absorption, your stride,   and your life, will be that much easier.	Women's Propet Life Walkers. Available in wide sizes too! Wherever life takes you... you'll want to walk there in these Life Walkers

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	Go from day to night in the Langston loafer. These flats feature glitter detail and a variety of different colors to choose from.

fiestey red leather 55

BlackHawk Men's Warrior Wear Desert Ops Boots... fast, lightweight and known for their ultra - comfort! BlackHawk Warrior Wear Desert Ops Boots are the fastest, lightest, most comfortable desert combat boots available! Long-wearing, water-friendly, breathable, all kinds of great stuff for comfort performance! Fully gusseted tongue prevents debris from entering boot; Cordura and high-abrasion suede upper for rugged durability... Cordura panels breathe for comfort and help to reduce weight; Durable heel and toe reinforcements provide abrasion and scuff resistance; Steel shank provides additional support needed when under the load of a full pack; Long-wearing, water-friendly polyurethane midsole; Dri-Lex inner lining wicks away moisture and dries quickly Washable anti-microbial Ortholite custom molded insole; Vibram "Multisport" oil-resistant TC4+ compound outsole has large, open lugs for traversing debris and provides excellent traction on irregular surfaces; State Color. Order your tough, rugged Desert Ops Boots today! BlackHawk Men's Desert Ops Boots

Every skater needs a shoe that adds character to their performance. Look no further than the DC Shoes Character. This men's performance skate shoe features an action leather or suede upper with soft tricot lining for comfort. Foam-padded tongue and collar provide added comfort and support. Abrasion-resistant, sticky rubber outsole features pill-pattern tread for enhanced traction and board control. Sole design provides excellent ground contact, wear and flex.

When you're hiking, biking or working under a hot sun, the last article of apparel you want to shed is your boots. Well, almost the last. Fortunately, the Moab Ventilator Mid is like air conditioning for your feet. Mid-height uppers are Dura leather with lots of exposed breathable Ventilator mesh. Breathable mesh linings and bellow tongue. Rubber toe bumper and heel counter, Vibram Multi-Sport Plus sole provide the protection, support and traction you need when the action heats up..

Ecco New York Bicycle Toe

We don't sell shoes, we sell fashion, says John Hanna who oversees design, manufacturing, and production of some of this season's hottest selling styles. Tyler footwear has always been about a lifestyle. Designer clothing requires the complete head-to-toe look and Tyler footwear completes it. This Tyler by Richard Tyler line is a fun and irreverent take on contemporary fashion.  It infuses an effervescent state of mind for the wearer.

Stay warm and relaxed in the Eurelle Dorm slipper from Tamarac by Slippers International. Its plush lining and padded insole keep you cozy, while the fabric upper offers casual style. The rubber outsole provides traction for a steady step.	Boot-style slipper is constructed of lightweight Eurelle fabric, which has many of the properties of wool including softness, durability and breathability Lightweight Eurelle upper Cushioned insole

Helly Hansen provides high quality, protective technical gear for work survival and sport. We work and play in the harshest environments on the planet to learn what's needed to create the best mountain riding gear possible. We combine athlete input with environmental research, design accordingly and the result is superior gear for riders on all sides of the mountain.

The soft built up handle makes this Shoehorn easier to grasp for persons suffering from arthritis or having difficulty holding a smaller handle. The Nylon cord hand loop can be used to secure the shoehorn to wrist or can be used for hanging. Soft Handle 30 inch Shoehorn Features

The ASICS GEL-Foundation VI is a high-mileage running shoe designed for the overpronator who seeks extra stability without sacrificing a cushioned transition from initial heel strike to propulsion. PHF memory foam lined heel collar molds to the heel, creating personalized fit. SpEVA midsole adds durability and shock attenuation. GEL Cushioning Systems provide maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. DuoMax medial post helps ensure that the shoe maintains proper support for the foot during the critical transition from heel strike to toe-off. Wt. 10.1 oz.

The New Balance 1222 is a high mileage trainer designed to provide maximum stability and cushioning for the moderate to severe overpronator. Colors

Havana Joe was born in 1993 on the coast of the Mediterranean in Alicante, Spain. Antonio Vicente created his shoes for walking. Each shoe is carefully crafted of first quality Spanish leathers right there in Alicante. Whether it be exploring the Aztec ruins of Mexico or battling the rush hour streets of Manhattan, Havana Joe is the shoe to accompany you on all your walking adventures.	Relax! WATERPROOF, casual - minded Havana Joe GORE - TEX Oxfords will have you singing in the rain! SAVE BIG! One wrong step into a flooded gutter? Don't worry about it with these casual Oxfords from Havana Joe. Complete waterproof protection meets shock-absorbing 12-hour comfort, so you'll never have another spoiled weekend. Just kick back and enjoy... did we mention these sharp lookers were also BIG BUCKS OFF?! Lead the way

Put some style in your step with these Kenneth Cole Unlisted Knit Stitch Shoes. SAVE BIG! They range from funky to refined, but Kenneth Cole Shoes always have flair. This sharp pair is from Kenneth Cole under their Unlisted label. They're the perfect match for jeans, khakis or any other casual trousers. This is a discontinued style that I scooped up recently... and you save BIG! 20 years of quality

The versatile oxford is great for everyday wear.	Easy to maintain, full-grain leather upper offers long-lasting, breathable wear.	Blucher design allows for easy adjustability to accommodate various widths.	Rigid heel counter provides stability and support.	Leather-covered polyurethane 2Pod footbed provides added cushioning in the heel and ball of the foot for all-day wear.	Durable, non-skid rubber outsole eases the walking motion to reduce foot and body stress.	Cement construction, in which the upper is adhered to the outsole with a bonding agent, creates lightweight flexibility without twisting

Value-packed his 'n' her favorites for the cold, slushy season! LaCrosse Pull-On Pacs. Gotta have 'em! The easy on / off choice that works all winter long. You're gonna love these... warmth, comfort, convenience... just slip'em on and go! Details

The NEW Ascendor SLT redefines lightweight tennis footwear. The unique DuraFlow upper combined with lightweight EVA and TPU Cushion Board provide the optimal balance between lightweight and stability. The DuraWrap LT high-abrasion toe guard and DragGuard create a durable barrier between the court and the foot. These innovative materials and technologies work together to maximize tennis players speed and agility.Weight

Steve Madden, the company, was founded by Steve Madden, the man, in 1990 in Brooklyn, where he started out making trend-advancing shoes one pair at a time. It was not long after that the Steve Madden focus on "now-ness" earned rave reviews from young female fans mad for the funky, chic, and yet competitively priced footwear it produced. The company popularized the "dressy sneaker," and continues to man the forefront of trends.	The name says it all. Dress to impress with the Steve Madden Stallyon. This cool casual shoe features a Napa and snakeskin leather upper and pigskin liner for the ultimate comfort. Rubber outsole is strong and durable.

Treat your feet to cushiony-soft comfort and great-looking style with the adidas Tureia thong. This comfy sandal features a padded, covered footbed with a soft, synthetic suede upper. Injected EVA outsole provides additional comfort and cushioning with every step.

Nell M's Broadway oxford is a premium calfskin oxford with exclusively patented construction for unsurpassed flexibility and shock attenuation. Soft, perforated leather lining and removable foot-bed add comfort, making the Broadways perfect for all-day wear.	The Neil M Broadway shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The leather outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

An innovative trainer developed for the mild to moderate overpronator. Synthetic/mesh upper, C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in forefoot, N-ergy System midsole technology provides exceptional durability, cushioning, and stability. Stability Web for lightweight torsional stability, blown rubber outsole. Wt. 11.3 oz.

5 inch Heel Closed Toe Pump Women's Size Shoe With Rivets On Heel and Attached Ankle Cuff.

Ono's Harbor Dock sunglasses with built-in readers offer you an attractive frame that's lightweight and stylish for a blend of fit and function. They're crafted with reader magnification enhancement, to eliminate the need to switch glasses to read or perform other close-up tasks when outdoors. The polarized lenses offer glare reduction and a clear view.

Stylish and versatile, the Liberty brings elegance to the classic loafer. Made in China, this Enzo Angiolini leather slip-on gives you a contemporary look with a comfortable padded footbed to cushion your step. With a small slice of a heel, this shoe is a great partner to both a pencil skirt or a pair of relaxed trousers.	Classic loafer design make the Enzo Angiolini Liberty slip-on your go-to shoe for any occasion. Leather upper and sole with a squared toe design. Modest 0.5" heel.

The Recon 200 Gram Uniform boot from Danner is a reliable classic in durable, easy-to-clean leather. This traditional boot features a breathable and 100% waterproof GORE-TEX lining, and 200 grams of Thinsulate Ultra insulation for warmth. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole delivers excellent comfort and shock absorption as well as steady grip on wet and dry surfaces. Stitchdown construction provides a wide, sturdy platform and makes this boot recraftable for an extended life.	The Danner Recon 200 Gram is widely considered the signature uniform boot. Traditional in appearance, tough and comfortable in application, it delivers stability and support via all leather stitchdown construction and warmth from 200-gram Thinsulate insulation.

Tone your athletic urbanite look with the Ultimate Rendezvous Tote from adidas. The top zip styling opens up to an array of pockets for cell phone to keys. An internal divider lets you organize from weekday to weekend accessories. The nylon microfiber fabrication assures a durable and water-resistant option for on-the-go lifestyles.

Synthetic leather and mesh upper, rubber outsole with nylon spike plate.  7.2 oz.

duke black pulsar 85

duke black pulsar 80

Airwalk Synapse for casual comfort, SAVE BIG! Hangin' out? Occasional skateboarding? Just wanna look hip? Cover all the bases in these snappy Snyapse. These comfort shoes by famous Airwalk are discounted due to an excess supply. Stylish sueded leather uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; Permanent, nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Padded tongue / collar; Dual pull-on loops; Rubber toe cap for extended wear; Each weighs approx. 17 ozs. State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Medium width. Let the good times roll. Order Now! Men's Airwalk Synapse, Black / Gray

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Men's Clarks Ash Boots combine the look and feel of full - grain leather with waterproof GORE - TEX technology! Plus you'll get the shock-absorbing cushion of the Ortholite insert and a roomy toe box for a more natural fit! So to review... no soggy feet, no squished toes, plenty of support and durable, flexible full - grain leather construction. What else could you possibly want from a Boot? How about

Well-cushioned aqua fitness shoe built for in pool and outdoor aqua sports.   Sandwich mesh upper with synthetic leather overlays, variable ghillie lacing system with toggle closure. Molded, perforated Nitracel Engage sockliner offers personal fit with enhanced quick draining cushioning. Contoured CMEVA midsole with internal midfoot shank provides torsional midfoot support and stability, aqua flow channels add optimal drainage. High performance rubber outsole with rounded edges, herringbone design for deck and in pool traction. Wt. 11.1 oz.

Wearing the suede Milano platform clog from Maxine of Canada is the perfect way to spend a cold day. This stylish clog features a genuine fur trim and lining, round toe, center butt seam on the vamp, and a textured rubber sole for optimum traction. Pair with a pair of jeans for a complete look.	Maxine of Canada is a Canadian company that has been family owned and managed for 38 years. They design and manufacture high-quality casual footwear using the finest quality waterproof Scotch Guard treated leathers and suedes, many with genuine shearling trims and linings. Maxine of Canada makes footwear in a wide range of widths and large sizes to accommodate even the customers who are hard to fit.

Pac-boot warmth, HOT PRICE! No need to put your budget on ice. Itasca Blizzard Boots are patterned after the classic pac boot for complete warmth all winter long. And at a great price. More

Luxurious Cole Haan Pinch Penny loafer for the man with classic taste.Genuine handsewnonthelast moccasin construction. Handantiqued brushoff leather upper. Fully lined with leather. Cushioned insole for added comfort. Full leather midsole with leather sole. Combination stacked leather/rubber heel.

Salvatore Capezio was born in 1871 in Muro Lucano, Italy. Uninterested in following in his father's footsteps as a construction engineer, he became an artist of his own right, a cobbler. In 1887, at the age of 17, he opened his shop on Broadway and 39th Street, diagonally across from the old Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. Soon, the shop became a meeting place for dancers who would stop by to discuss their needs and to get a pair of his shoes. As Capezio's popularity grew, dancers from around the world made it a point to visit him and purchase his shoes. The innovation of the products that Salvatore Capezio created and the camaraderie he shared with the dancers molded the direction that his company would follow. In this image, the Capezio brand was established to promote and recognize ongoing achievements and participation in dance. Capezio products remain in the forefront in quality and in technological advances with innovations like the split-sole, the stretch-insert, the Dansneaker and the Tapsneaker. Capezio believes that their success is dependent upon the individual commitment of each customer to continually set new standards of creativity and performance, while preserving a reputation for dependability and distinction. Capezio pledges their support and dedication to the advancement of dance, theater and recreation in communities worldwide.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

Tactical meets practical. Ridge Ultimate Side-zip Waterproof Tactical Boots because performance is job #1. Mission

As Seen in Brides, Modern Bride and Bridal Guide Pamper yourself in these comfortable spa slippers. Features 100% cotton terry cloth, cushioning foam rubber sole, and a velcro style closure to ensure a perfect fit. Slippers are available in white terry cloth with pink trim around the edges of the slipper. Embroidered with "Bride" in pink thread and a Swarovski crystal dotting the letter "i." Available in two sizes

The DryStixTM is an affordable portable footwear dryer/warmer with no moving parts. Convection heat dries and warms your footwear by driving cold and moisture from your footwear. Temperatures never exceed 99 degrees F ensuring safe and effective drying/warming.		    Compact and portable	    Warms in minutes, dries in hours

WORK AMERICAs rugged leather work oxford is perfect for your demanding work conditions									Moisture-resistant leather upper									Abrasion-resistant, multi-density, shock-reduction Responder II sole									MAXUM insert for slip-resistance									Leather quarter lining									Padded collar for ankle support						;if (typeof amznJQ === "undefined") { } else { amznJQ.onReady('JQuery', function() { setTimeout(function() {if(msa.Vowels) { var amzvowels = new msa.Vowels(jQuery,16,["ec2.images-amazon.com","ec3.images-amazon.com", "ec5.images-amazon.com"],5,'0QWT1TG1CPE6EBYYD0QV', ["z-ec3.images-amazon.com", "z-ak.images-amazon.com" ], "images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com", ["1820", "3320", "7470", "14730"], ["1820B","3320B","7470B","14730B","1","2","3","4","5","6","7","8","9","10","14","15","17","18","19","20","21","22","23"], 50, 50, 100); amzvowels.initializeAndStart(); }}, 8000)}); }

Consider the adidas Pure Trainer the ultimate weekend shoe. Ready for anything or nothing at all, this lightweight cross training shoe is designed for taking on your favorite weekend activities. Full-grain leather upper provides comfort and soft feel. adiPRENE insert adds comfort and shock absorption. Carbon rubber outsole offers durability. Wt. 11.5 oz.

TOMFORD SUNGLASSES Style# FT0008/S-61/120 Size

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	NICOLA by Clarks This charming slip-on was desinged for style, comfort and support for a versatile look and a great fit Leather upper with dotted detail and pinked, contrast trim offer a classy appeal Suede and leather lining to keep feet dry Nylon shank for lightweight support Polyurethane outsole is bonded to upper for a durable, yet flexible wear 1/2 heel

SAVE BIG! These may weigh 5,489 lbs. less than a shiny new Hummer H3... ...but, this "convertible" also offers stylish transport, stable protection... and gets a lot higher mpg! Use whatever fuel you like to make these move. These Sandals also cost a bit less than the H3... and excess inventory means bucks off the usual price! Great-looking, durable, flexible nubuck leather uppers. Neoprene lined for extra comfort; Sturdy rubber outsole with a tire-traction grip; Soft-comfort EVA footbed; Removable back strap converts them from sandal to slide; Lace on firm, and easy, with an elasticized cord with cord lock; Each approx. 4"h., 13 ozs. (like we said, they don't compete with the H3 in bulk!). State Size. Medium width. Driving a Hummer is overrated... walk on into this bargain now! Men's Hummer Convertible Sport Sandals, Green

The Puma Tres Coracoes was inspired by the performance soccer boots Pele wore in the 1970 World Cup in Mexico. Leather upper. Rubber outsole.

Mush is the perfect name for this thong sandal from Teva. With a super-soft footbed, it offers squishy stepping, while an EVA midsole means it provides supportive comfort. With an upper made of durable nylon, this thong promises to outlast most of its kind.	The Teva Mush flips are toe wiggling fun.  Nylon web strap upper in a casual flip flop style with a flat nylon toe post.  Decorative strap graphics and logo details.  Super cushy foam footbed with a dense, textured outsole.

Harness Cowhide Leather Convertible Tote/Backpack EXTERIOR FEATURES

The women's ST359 cross-training shoe from K-Swiss showcases a new laser etched shield logo and midsole jewel. The tumbled leather upper provides comfort and support, while the compression-molded EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning. For durability, the shoe features a molded rubber outsole with sawtooth tread pattern which delivers traction on a variety of terrains.

For a comfortable step look no further than the Soho from Finn Comfort. Constructed in a classic sneaker style, this shoe features a soft leather upper with a lace up complete with durable metal grommets. Inside, your foot is pampered with a padded lining for all day comfort. Throw in a grippy rubber sole and you have the perfect companion wherever you may roam.	Sporty style and comfort are yours in the Finn Comfort Soho 82743! Handcrafted in Germany, this leather Finn Comfort sneaker is as practical as it is stylish. The removable footbed of this women's shoe is anatomically contour molded and ergonomically designed to reflect the natural shape of a healthy foot. Made of natural cork, hevea latex from the rubber tree, woven layers of jute and lined with rich organically tanned suede, the Finn Comfort footbed encourages good posture and proper foot function while cradling and guiding your feet from heel to toe. Kick back in the Finn Comfort Soho 82743.

Rugged Wolverine Steel Toe Lightweights. Athletic style meets steel toe protection. Breathable suede performance leather uppers are water and dirt-resistant; Wolverine slip-resistant spider web rubber lug outsole for sure grip; EVA midsole for comfort; Removable, mesh-lined EVA footbed; ANSI 75 rated steel toe protection; Electrical hazard protection; Moisture-wicking Dri-Lex 2-zone mesh lining stays soft / dry. Each is approx. 5" h. and 21 ozs. Order ONLINE Today! State Color; Width

Josef Seibel was founded in Germany in 1886 by Karl-August Seibel. Specializing in premium handsewn products that promote flexibility and comfort, Josef Seibel shoes use only the best premium full-grain leathers, Air Massage and Air Ped insoles and a flexible polyeurethane outsole. Their unique construction is known worldwide.

Leather/mesh upper with lightweight CMEVA midsole for cushioning and flexibility, ABZORB in heel for exceptional shock absorption. Walking strike path outsole stabilizes the foot through the gait cycle.

You won't have a care in the world in the Vagabond from Sanuk. It features a shoe upper with a sandal bottom offering complete comfort with a little extra protection. You'll love everything about this washed canvas shoe, er, sandal--the dual elastic goring for an easy on/off, the relaxed-outdoorsy style, and the high-abrasion rubber outsole, just to mention a few.	You may keep wandering, but your feet have found a home in the Sanuk Vagabond. This relaxed men's slip-on shoe features a soft canvas upper. Frayed seams on this Sanuk slip on lend a fresh look and a comfortable feel. The Sanuk Vagabond sports a Happy U outsole. Drift aimlessly but comfortably through life in the Sanuk Vagabond!

Recommended to those looking for that extra comfort shoe, the Apex Biomechanical shoe was designed to address the biomechanics of human walking, by limiting stress to the areas of the foot most susceptible to pain.  Apex is known for its innovations in foot comfort, therapy and protection, their ambulator shoes have helped treat and prevent foot pain for millions of people worldwide, and are recognized as the #1 footwear line for people suffering from Diabetes, Arthritis, Metatarsal, Morton's Neuroma, Hammertoes, Bunions, and other foot pain problems, Ambulator shoes provide an equal distribution of pressure and unsurpassed comfort by delaying impact at heel strike, supporting the longitudinal arch, and dramatically reducing stress on the ball-of-the-foot, all which have been clinically proven to provide stability, reduce stress, and help facilitate walking. This is accomplished with the unique Hidden-Depth Rocker Soles and state-of-the-art removable PRS (Pressure Relief System) orthotics. Featuring soft pigskin leather linings. The three removable insoles can be interchanged or mixed with other specialty insoles by Apex. Unsurpassed comfort and protection with attractive styling. This Biomechanical shoe is uniquely designed to limit stress at the areas of the foot most susceptible to pain. Features include - Leather uppers - 3 removable insoles for triple depth and fitting flexibility - Removable Aetrex comfort orthotic - Removable PRS (pressure relief system) insoles provide optimum comfort and shock attenuation - EVA/ Plastazote firm under sole - Hidden-Depth rocker bottom sole with raised sidewalls reduces stress to ball-of-foot - Wide toe box helps protect foot from injury - Firm heel counter provides tremendous rear foot stability - Straight last design ensures proper fit for all foot types - Blucher closure for easy fitting - 1/2 inch total removable depth - Polyurethane outsole absorbs shock forces - Velcro closure for ease of fitting

Cantilever system provides excellent supports the foot throughout the walking cycle. Two-piece solid rubber outsole offers great traction on a variety of surfaces. CMEVA midsole and removable EVA sockliner provides superior cushioning. Leather/synthetic/mesh upper offers comfy, breathable support.

13"dark brown marbled deerlite calf skin, medium round toe, single stitched welt, 1 9/16" cowboy heel, j-flex flexible comfort system, leather outsole.

The Converse MT Star 3 retro sneakers have the timeless, straightforward charm of a simply designed shoe. This pair of shoes features

Square to dress shoe, with breathable lining and padded interlining. Kentech technology comfort system with S.U.P.R.O. Sock. Imported. Item

The handsomely textured, full-grain leather of Propet's Village Walker oxford gives it dressy-casual good looks, but comfort's the big news here. A round, extra-wide toe box provides plenty of room while the Rocker profile helps maintain an easy stride.	Men's Propet Village Walker. Get them in narrow, 3X wide or anywhere in between! Get comfortable, everyday Shoes with old fashioned durability that won't let you down

Ellie Shoes collection reinvents classic glamour and redefines evening elegance and for any ocasion.

For skaters who crave style just as much as performance, this classic by C1RCA should do the trick. Constructed with a leather or fabric upper, the 50 features cool colorways, wide lacing, and reinforced upper layering for durability. Thick padding cushions all the right places, and the insole offers added support and shock absorbency. The shoes sticky gum rubber outsole is lightweight, flexible and designed for good board feel.	The Circa AL50 Skate Shoes Key Features of The Circa AL50 Skate Shoes

Trust Dockers for your next casual shoe. This leather lace-up features smooth leather upper with a moc-seamed toe and adjustable lacing. Of course, the padded collar and insole, along with the rubber outsole deliver all-day comfort.	A smooth touch to this ruggedstyled oxford.Waxy tumbled, full grain leather upper with moctoe stitching.Stain Defender repels most waterbased stains to helps assist in the care and maintenance of these shoes. Flex construction, cushioned footbed and padded collar provide all day comfort. Polyurethane outsoles with 'suregrip' tread design help keep a steady step.

If anyone knows staples and what women want, it's Nine West. Just look at these pointed pumps and try to think of something (besides pajamas) that they won't match. And even then it depends on the pajamas. These shoes run true.  ORDER YOUR USUAL SIZE. Only use measurements as a LAST resort. * Size 10 is 26.5cm x 8.5cm * Size 11 is 27.5cm x 9cm * Size 12 is 28cm x 9cm * Size 13 is 29cm x 9.5cm * Size 14 is 30cm x 9.5cm

Bite designs footwear as equipment for your feet -- technically superior for specific activities. The focus is on function not form, innovating instead of following. Bite's aim is to inspire maximum performance by providing the comfort, fit, and feel necessary to excel.

Soft pig suede upper, oil-resistant and non-slippery rubber outsole.

Take a classic, mix in an offbeat detail, and stir. The creation you'll have? The Gil slip-on from Hush Puppies. A hook-and-loop closure on this moccasin-style shoe adds a touch of ease and contemporary interest. Include the smooth leather upper and lightweight ZeroG sole in the equation, and it's one very desirable blend.	So light, they're almost weightless! Our ZeroG system reduces weight by removing bulky innersoles and using a special outsole that's four times lighter than normal shoes. Hook and loop closure gets you in and out easily. In smooth leather. Pick up a pair today! Imported.

Nubuck and smooth leather upper. Rubber outsole.

"KIWI" Desert Boot care Kit, includes cleaner, protector, brush, block and cloth, cleans suede & nylon upper, conditions sued, removes stains & protects against dust & dirt, US Made.

Originated in France by Emile Camuset in 1920, Le Coq Sportif had one goal, to produce the most innovative and highest quality sportswear available. Le Coq Sportif soon became one of the most popular sportswear brands worldwide, supplying gear to the Tour de France, several Olympic games, and numerous athletes with their signature look and the performance that comes from superior engineering. Today, Le Coq Sportif embraces the future while still celebrating the classic looks, showcasing some of the greatest athletic looks of the past several decades, and contemporary performance looks that use the latest innovations. Le Coq Sportif, for the pleasure of sport.

A frequenter of the cultural festivals near her local hometown in Mexico, it was here that designer Olga Abadi discovered the ancient Mayan technique of binding everyday materials into handbags.

Carolina 6" Boots. In EXTRA-WIDE sizes too! These Work Boots are all about fit and comfort. They're available in five widths including EEEE. Their DRi-LEX lining rapidly absorbs foot perspiration and is quick drying, breathable and soft. Their Poron Permafresh insoles are made with lightweight foam cushioning that fights odor as well as microbial and fungal development. Add an Aeroglide DRYZ footbed for heat and moisture control and you have an excellent environment for your feet

The adidas Barricade has always provided the traction and support you need to be an absolute court terror, but the already stellar design has been improved with the adidas Barricade 3 men's tennis shoes. Those same great features that help turn you into an impenetrable force on the court have been enhanced with the adidas Barricade 3's lighter construction and patented cushioning for a more secure, supportive fit specifically developed for the active foot.Amazingly, adidas has found a way to make returning everything your opponent hits at you feel even better than before with the adidas Barricade 3. The snug fit and ultra-light weight will help you maintain quick movement and high energy throughout the hardest fought matches by reducing muscle fatigue, thereby keeping your feet from dragging. Hey, returning everything like a brick wall shouldn't mean you have to feel like one.

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for the whole family.	Skechers packs the action and excitement of the city into this street smart men's shoe. The Skechers Urban Spike features a contemporary, low-profile design. Leather and suede upper features a breathable mesh tongue for comfort. Wrap-around rubber sole lends enhanced style to a spiked rubber outsole. Additional features include

This Classic Shoe Brush Set (8 pcs.) makes shoe care as easy as 1-2-3. This set of 8 high quality Shoe Care Brushes has been carefully put together to provide you with only the highest quality brushes necessary to make your shoes shine and look like new. This Set contains 2 Brushes with Coco Bristles for cleaning, 2 Horsehair Shoe Daubers for applying shoe polish, 2 Horsehair Polishing Brushes, and 2 Nubuck and Suede Brushes for cleanig your nubuck or suede shoes.

coyl black paris 80

Tribeca, A Kenneth Cole Production. A line that gives the fashion forward customer a chance to express herself.  Up to the minute fashion silhouettes, that covers sandals, platforms, boots, denim friendly heels and evening makers.  Don't be afraid to let the shoe help tell the story.

Perforated nubuck upper, rubber midsole and a TRP outsole.

The traditional purse stands 10-3/4" tall and gently expands to a base width of 11-1/8" x 2-3/4" to provide a platform when setting the purse down. The shoulder strap is accentuated with buckle closures. Outer pockets are very convenient for your every need. Perfect for any occasion and you won't be pushed for space if you need to throw in something extra at the last minute.

Jack Rogers Navajo Sandal is a handsewn thong sandal done in camel leather. Leather lining and leather soles.

jumpp black fabric 55

Casual looks and Carolina durability combine in the ST Glove women's Oxfords.  Who says that work shoes have to look frumpy?  No one wants to hear the inevitable "granny's orthopedic shoes" comments, and the Carolina ST Glove Oxfords will put that thought far out of anyone's mind.  As a matter of fact, we fully expect people to ask you where you got those great looking shoes.  That's your opportunity to brag a bit, and honestly, we don't mind.  You've earned it by being a savvy shopper and getting a shoe like the Carolina ST Glove Oxfords.  Oh, you can embellish the story however you see fit, just try to keep a level head about things. No one likes an egotist.  However you describe your experience, we know you will rave about the Carolina ST Glove Oxford shoes.

Romika 'Oslo 05' Slip-On	Premium full-grain-leather slip-on features buckle detail and a soft, cozy lining. Thick outsole adds comfort and flexibility.	Fit

Waterproof Dunham Walkers weigh just 10 ozs. SAVE BIG Fantastic price for waterproof, lightweight casuals! A discontinued style means you stroll away with extra $$!Durable, waterproof full-grain leather uppers; Latex-sealed seams; Non-marking rubber outsole; EVA midsole with Abzorb in the toe / heel; Rollbar heel stability system; Removable, nylon-lined Abzorb comfort insole; Moisture-wicking polyester lining; Padded collar; Each weighs approx. 10 ozs. State Size. Nab your newfound "friends" today! Women's Dunham Waterproof Walkers, White

Everyone better watch out when the Seduce pump is on the prowl. Its smooth, velvety upper is accentuated by a stunningly curvaceous silhouette, and its tall heel and pointed toe have the attitude to hold the entire room's attention.	Heel Height

Harley Davidson Dipstick

Fashionable enough to capture attention, but still comfortable enough to wear every day, the Castle from Lifestride is an extremely versatile career pump that takes you from the office to a night on the town without missing a beat. Featuring a faux leather upper with crocodile detail, an eye-catching metal accent, and a sophisticated heel, this shoe looks lovely with skirts, pants, and suits. As easy to wear as it is stylish, the Castle has a cushioned comfort insole, flexible traction outsole, and a stabilized, easy-walking heel.	From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.

#463256  Part of the TUNIT system, can be combined with a chassis and stud set to create a customized boot. UPPER

Stylish cowboy boot for little cowboys in fashion pink color. Manmade foot & shaft with metal toe-rand to help protect the toe from scuffmarks. Comfortable cushion insole.

Inspired by America's game, the Reebok S. Carter Classic features a baseball-style leather upper with  logo at back right. Contrast rubber outsole offers color pop while providing traction and grip.

iglou pink suede 80

The Tennis Tie Band features ClimaLite moisture wicking technology for superior function. Open back construction offers best comfort and fit. Embroidered 3-Bars. - Order Multiple

The adidas T-MAC 5 basketball shoe has hardwood built right into the heel and outsole. It's anatomical fit and TPU forefoot outrigger give you incredible fit, response and court feel. Lightweight synthetic leather upper with molded GeoFit pods offers extreme comfort. Lightweight internal EVA midsole with TPU heel chassis adds ultimate stability. Durable and lightweight solid rubber outsole with multidirectional herringbone tread pattern. Wt. 17.0 oz.

Women's 6 Inch Heel Buckled Toe Platform Sandal With Ankle Strap

Boots that will NEVER, EVER take "It's too cold and wet" for an answer! Rocky Blizzard Stalkers, comfort-rated down to a marrow-chilling -135 degree for total cold-kiboshing protection

opas black leather 110

Neoprene, Rubber. Waterproof boot. Fashionable boots with attractive design for spring time gardening and chores. 100% waterproof and warm mean 100% comfort. Waterproof boot athletic shoe fit comfort rated to -30.

Specializing in fashionable women's footwear, Report collections pair innovative design with versatility and style. Report shoes are perfect for girls of any age -- for dressing up or keeping it casual. Cutting edge Report styles have also been featured in Teen Vogue, Cosmo Girl, Seventeen, Nylon, and Glamour.	Look distinctively cool and confident in this gorgeous platform sandal.	Leather upper with adjustable buckles.	Wooden footbed with padded heel.

Designed to elevate the running experience, Brooks' advanced stability, cushioning, and motion control gear is recognized as the product of choice among runners of all levels. Entirely focused on the run, Brooks is dedicated to inspiring people to be active. Brooks creates innovative equipment that keeps you running longer, farther, and faster -- and with more enjoyment of the run.	Built for runners with moderate pronation, the Brooks Trance 6 running shoe is truly a dream to wear. Featuring new HVAC, e-1 and e-2 technologies, the latest Trance offers a combination of cushioning, support and comfort. Highly breathable Element Air Mesh upper with X-Static linings. HydroFlow ST-XL with forefoot HydroFlow. New full-length MoGo midsole offers dramatically enhanced cushioning and energy return with reduced fatigue, for an improved first feel that lasts over more miles. Progressive Diagonal Rollbar (PDRB), dual-density DRB Accel. Engineered Hyper-Pod configuration. HPR Plus in the heel strike area. Wt. 10.8 oz.

RAMPAGE caters to the young contemporary woman, offering her eclectic, fashion-forward products to wear in every aspect of her constantly evolving lifestyle. The RAMPAGE customer is inspired by celebrities and has a huge appetite for designer inspiration.

The latest addition to the Puma family  the Puma Tour Cat Low. This cool casual shoe features a soft pig suede, leather and synthetic upper with CMEVA midsole for comfort and cushioning. Non-slippery rubber outsole delivers dependable traction.

5.5 inch Heel Stretch Knee Boot Women's Size Shoe With Inner Zipper.

Sno-Seal Original Beeswax protects leather from rain, sun, snow and slush. Did you just buy some new boots? Or maybe a new leather jacket? Don't wait another minute to grab some of this stuff to protect your investment! Sno-Seal Original Beeswax Waterproofing wax provides one-step waterproofing and polish for leather boots, gloves, saddles, apparel... virtually all your leather goods. Unlike other leather protectors, Sno-Seal is a natural wax that will never weaken, decay or break down leather surfaces. Works great with GORE-TEX fabric-lined boots because it allows GORE-TEX-absorbed perspiration moisture to escape out of the leather. Contains no silicone or petroleum products. 7-oz. canister. Protect your leather goods and they'll last longer and look better! Order Today! Sno-Seal Original Beeswax

Kiwi Brown Shoe Polish,1-1/8 oz. For damaged and scuffed leather shoes.Water resistant. Not for canvas, fabric or suede.

The classic-looking Fila F-13 features a leather or nubuck upper with abrasion-resistant outsole.

Certified USMC steel toe boot with Bates DuraShocks(r) comfort technology and easy to clean Warrior leather.

6" Shaft 2.0-2.2 Waterproof Full Grain Leather and Nubuc Gore-Tex Bootie Nylon Lining EVA Footbed Polyurethane Midsole Danner Approach TFX Outsole TFX Construction TERRA FORCE X Technology Certified ANSI and ASTM Approved Steel Toe Weight

Add a jolt of style to work wear with Santana from Stacy Adams. The leather upper features genuine snake, as well as lizard- and croco-embossed accents. The breathable leather linings and padded leather insole deliver comfort.	Men's Stacy Adams Santana Loafers. Classic Loafers with a twist! Complete with traditional tassels... spiced up with crocodile and lizard print, genuine leather uppers. Rubber soles for traction. State Color and Size. Medium width. Order yours today! Please Note

6 inch Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With 2 Inch Platform and Ankle Strap.

SL1 Developed for that runner looking for a fast-pace trainer with added support. A synthetic/mesh upper adds lightweight comfort and support. An ACTEVA midsole features greater consistancy in cell size/lower density of cellular foam structure to increase resistance to compression set, Nlock midfoot support is designed to provide upper midfoot structure and enhanced support, a medial EVA post provides pronation control, ABZORB in the heel and ABZORD SBS in the forefoot add shock absorption. The solid rubber outsole delivers a lightweight cushioned ride.

Can't beat mother nature? Well, these Wolverine Steel Toe Wellingtons can! SAVE BIG! Mother Nature likes to weed out the weak. When you're doing construction or the third shift, or anything involving heavy equipment, you'll want steel toes so you won't get weeded out. One slip of that heavy somethin' or other and your tootsies are history. Keep your job and your toes intact with tough-driven Wellingtons with the famous Wolverine name. A Close-Out price saves you BIG! Here it is

You'll be the captain of everything from land to the sea when you wear the Eastland Captain plain-toe oxford. This fully lined shoe features three eyelets, breathable mesh sides and a lightweight rubber sole.

Game, set, match!No one will stand in your way, on or off the court, with the Converse EV Pro immaculate no-nonsense tennis oxfords. This pair of shoes features

Women's Propet Meadow Walkers. Available in narrow and extra, extra-wide sizes! Take a stroll with the care-free clog-style comfort of these Meadow Walkers

Whether on the go or just lounging around, you'll reach for these casual leather lace-ups again and again. The Jerez 3 features a driving shoe-style shape and a modern, subtle take on Adidas signature three-stripe design. A full leather upper and EVA midsole promise support and cushion with each step, while its wave stitching construction delivers comfort and terrific stability.	Adidas Adi Racer Plus Low

Makes running errands a breeze.12-ounce, 100% cotton twill, canvas bottomOutside pocket, contrast bottom and web handlesLets you carry necessities with a touch of styleDimensions

100% waterproof Durango Boot Pull-ons are Western workhorses with the lightweight comfort of an athletic shoe! SAVE BIG! Let's get right to it because these frisky stallions are just loaded with great stuff

No, these aren't a tribute to any 80s hair band; get that thought out of your head.  Honestly, we doubt that many of the members of Poison are looking as golf shoe sponsorships.  Instead, the adidas Powerband men's golf shoes are a tribute to your necessity to have stylish, high-performance golf shoes.  This is one tribute that sings perfectly.  The adidas Powerband men's golf shoes are loaded with adidas-exclusive technology like the adiPRENE+ that optimizes comfort and efficiency, as well as the Torsion System that provides a sturdy support structure while maintaining flexibility.Probably the coolest feature of the adidas Powerband men's golf shoes is it's namesake; the Powerband chassis.  This cool technology provides increased support, offering greater control and power, two things that are critical to a great golfer.  If you can't power that drive and put it in the right spot, then you might as well just pick up the ball and throw it.  If you prefer that option, you should try shopping for baseball cleats; we think you might be destined for another sport.

L.A.M.B. shoes are from the mind of acclaimed icon Gwen Stefani. Here comes a brand new fashion shoe line Harajuku Lovers and the fashion conscience will adore. This collection is part of a long term licensing partnership between L.A.M.B and Royal Elastics. Gwen Stefani oversees every stitch and intricate detail of the design process working closely with the Royal Elastics design team.  This black canvas sneaker features a 'mixed tape' on the side and an embroidered black lamb logo.  Style # 9464001.  Black.

Nike Women's Air Force 1 '07 Retro Basketball Shoes

Famed designer and fashion celebrity Isaac Mizrahi infuses his classical sense with a twist of fun into every ISAAC Isaac Mizrahi shoe.  Made in Italy with the finest leathers and materials, this collection offers not only fashion but also quality.

7 inch Heel Clear Bottom Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Clear Ankle Strap.

Named after its founder, Anthony Marinelli, who has been in the footwear design and manufacturing business for over 35 years, A. Marinelli offers a vast assortment of contemporary, updated, and feminine footwear suitable for all ages. They provide a variety of shoes that go from day to evening and a collection known for classic, well-styled footwear with intricate details, clean lines, and novel materials. A. Marinelli offers outstanding quality with all leather soles and built-in comfort with padding and cushioning -- a great value for a reasonable price.

Converse gives a true vintage model with All Star Sun Faded, a camouflage design in the classic Converse oxford style shoe. Canvas upper and leather trims Toecap for protection Rubber outsole for better traction and durability

What's in a name? A lot if you're talking about these Guide Gear Vibram Loggers! SAVE BIG, ON SALE! Guide Gear, that name guarantees the utmost in quality and value. This is gear that's designed right here and produced with the best materials, by the best makers available. More

jumpp bon/bge fabric 55

#462870  Part of the TUNIT system, this stylish and rugged upper can be put together with a chassis and stud set to create a boot specifically tuned to your needs. UPPER

#447959  Classic look straight out of 1974 but with the performance technologies of 2006. UPPER

There are a lot of cool cats in the world, and the Puma Drift Cat men's motorsport shoes take top honors. These race-inspired shoes sport some serious style; almost enough to get you behind the wheel of your dream car. The Puma Drift Cat men's motorsport shoes take inspiration from the sleek design of modern race cars, and thankfully they spare us from the obscene cost of maintaining a powerful machine like that.We can see it; you walk up to the driver, leaned against the side of that speed machine, and say, "Toss me the keys, fella; I've got business to do." He takes one look at your awesome Puma Drift Cat men's motorsport shoes and hands them over. Did he get the impression that you were a professional race car driver, since the Puma Drift Cat men's motorsport shoes have such a sleek design? Is he so rich that he doesn't mind putting you behind the wheel of his baby? Is he on drugs? We think it's one of those... we'll let you guess which one.

The English Bal by Gateway is a Cap Toe Lace Shoe. Made of PVC (industry Standard), the contrasting black and white styling is a traditional European look. **D(M) US is medium width, 2E US is wide width		Be Smart! Shop Smart!	Smart Tuxedo-A Fashion Company.

Cactus 10219 is our bestselling Engineer boots made with oiled full grain leather with oil resistant rubber outsole. Please check our best quality genuine leather! Taibrelle lining and EVA molded insole provides excellent cushioning and long lasting comfort. The key component of work boot is the durability, safety and comfort. Cactus provides ultimate comfort to the shoes wearers. Please check our cushioned insole, lightweight, flexibleness and high quality leather found in each pair. We make durable, best comfort boots for heavy duty jobs. Our Engineer boots successfully maintains a strong relationship with constructors and heavy equipment or machinery workers.

Protection is Wolverine Steel Toe Hikers! SAVE BIG! Whether you're hard at work or hard at play, these will keep your toes protected while keeping your feet comfortable. A discontinued style saves you a howling-good BIG BUCKS! Details

coyl natural paris 110

The RYK Circuit XT cross training shoe has a leather/mesh upper that provides breathable comfort and support. A removable molded Nitracel sockliner offers durable cushioning and shock absorption. Forefoot and heel Nitracel adds superior cushioning with rebound. TPU shank. Non-marking rubber outsole. Wt. 10.6 oz.

Full-grain tumbled leather upper with breathable 3-stripe perforations.  Lightweight molded EVA midsole.  Excellent traction. 11.2 oz.

Perfed full-grain leather shroud with zipper offers ventilation and support, full translucent TPU heel cage adds stability and support, polyurethane sockliner provides comfort and cushioning, forefoot "grenade" construction for low-to-ground look, feel and increased surface contact, internal IMEVA sole increases cushioning and support. Wt. 17 oz.

opas black leather 80

101440GRY44 Features

On your feet all day? Here's a shoe with an underfoot air circulation system that allows it to breathe with every step, keeping you cool and dry all shift long. DRYZ moisture management in the footbed eliminates dampness, so you stay feeling fresh and clean. Grip-Stop(TM) rubber tread gives you outstanding hold on any surface, wet or dry, smooth or slippery. Perfect for the restaurant, salon, or hospital.

205100SLG075 Features

Cactus 830 Wine is a 8 inch dual density outsole landscaping boots made with oiled full grain leather with EVA & rubber outsole. EVA middle sole provides cushioning and less weight on the boots and rubber outsole provides durability and resistant to oil. Please check our best quality genuine leather! We selected leather pillow cushioned insole for excellent moisture absorption with long lasting comfort. The key component of work boot is the durability, safety and comfort. Cactus provides ultimate comfort to the shoes wearers. Please check our cushioned insole, lightweight, flexibleness and high quality leather found in each pair. We made durable, best comfort boots for heavy duty jobs. Our 8? boots successfully maintains a strong relationship with constructors and heavy equipment or machinery workers.

Bite designs footwear as equipment for your feet -- technically superior for specific activities. The focus is on function not form, innovating instead of following. Bite's aim is to inspire maximum performance by providing the comfort, fit, and feel necessary to excel.	Top Of The Line Fit & Feel!               Biomechanically designed to your foot-promoting comfort, foot     health, and more accurate golf shots. 2 footbeds included for either more cushioning     or support.          Product Features

It's all about fluid movement in Onitsuka Tiger's Tai Chi shoe. This sleek look in leather wins with a svelte fit and classic Tiger stripes that go way, way back. A slim rubber sole keeps you in touch with the streets without bulking up the look or slowing you down.	The ultra sleek Asics Onitsuka Tiger Tai Chi is a clean sneaker with a simple style. They feature a leather upper, Tiger Stripes, cushioned footbed, ultra-slim midsole, and a rubber outsole with herringbone pattern. Lace up this versatile sneaker for an easy, yet fashionable look.

CenterStage-706 6 3/4" stiletto Heel Platform Sandals

A comfy, adjustable slide that's perfect for pre- or post-athletic use  a must-have for every athlete. Adjustable, strap upper provides comfy support and secure fit. IMEVA midsole with EVA insert offers comfy cushioning with every step.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The Saucony Grid Labyrinth running shoe is built to be as rugged as the people wearing them. With an outsole designed to neutralize most trail obstacles, the Labyrinth provides great traction on the worst of surfaces while protecting the foot from anything that gets in the way. Bootie construction provides a snug slipper-like fit. Midfoot tether system wraps the midfoot to provide greater stability on the trail while enhancing fit. CMEVA midsole with i-Grid cushioning adds heel cushioning. HRC Strobel board increases cushioning and comfort. Multi-directional lugs deliver traction no matter the surface. External bedrock outsole protects the foot while providing traction. Wt. 10.7 oz.

A smaller version of our popular Art bag -- this will carry your wallet, makeup and a few other daily essentials.

Wilson tennis footwear is designed to meet the demands of different athletes and player profiles. The line is divided into collections that serve specific purposes. The Tour Collection is super lightweight, breathable and fits like a glove.  The Trance Collection is renowned for supreme durability and unrivaled stability.  Finally, the Pro Staff Collection provides all-around comfort and all-court performance.	The Wilson Prostaff Leather is a top of the line performance shoe featuring many of Wilsons premiere technologies A long time favorite of hardcore tennis players the Wilson Prostaff Leather is a very allround tennis shoe by Wilson With a fluid blend of stability and playability the Wilson Prostaff Leather offers support and comfort that lastsThe Wilson Prostaff Leather comes with an antishock insole for maximum cushioning and comfort Coupled with speed lacing for a snug fit the Prostaff Leather allows players to use their optimum dexterity on court without having to worry about getting injured With Wilsons saddle support system the Prostaff Leather offers better medial and lateral stability As an added plus the Prostaff Leather features a full grain leather upper which provides the shoe with a sleek look and cutting edge performanceOn the outside the Prostaff Leather offers Goodyear Indy 500  Plus rubber outsole for superior durability and traction These allow for playability on a wide range of court surfaces Also a thermal plastic rubber heel counter offers heel stability and comfort Currently featured in a white and navy the Prostaff Leather is a must have footwear for tennis players wishing to unleash their potential on the courts Protective sleek and comfortable the Prostaff is as good as it gets

Watching from the sidelines? Benchwarmer Boots. Don't let cold ground get the best of your feet. Benchwarmer Boots use a waterproof PVC molded honeycomb bottom that has air pockets for extra insulation. Perfect for fall sports fans. More details

The Saturn Plain Toe oxford from Deer Stags delivers excellent comfort in a classic lace-up profile. Pair this with khakis, denim, or slacks for a refined, but never too stuffy finish. Crafted in high quality leather, this oxford also features insole padding and a cushy outsole for a very comfortable stride.	Deer Stags Saturn

Fashion, elegance combined into this line of stylish designed Gucci handbag. Height 13.75" Length 10" Width 4" Strap 19" Clearance 8.5" Brown GG logo monogram on beige jacquard fabric. Double 19" leather strap with 8.5" clearance allows carrying under arm. Decorated with high quality Italian leather. Accented with silver gun-metal hardwares. Interior fully lined with fabric with one side zipper pouch. Controllato card and dust bag included.

Stacy Adams and men who know style have been a perfect fit for over 100 years. Founded in 1875 in Brockton, Massachusetts by William H. Stacy and Henry L. Adams, the Stacy Adams Shoe Company has long been a part of American culture. From the roaring '20s and the post-war boom, to Prohibition and the jazz era, Stacy Adams has been there. Stacy Adams is more than shoes--from head to toe they cover your style from hip-hop to silky soul.	Make arrangements to travel in style with the Concorde oxford from Stacy Adams. Perf accents sweep across the captoe with professional appeal. Patent leather upper shines with formal polish for wardrobe empowerment.

This stunning and classic Italian leather bi-fold features the exclusive DataSafe Technology. This patent-pending technology uses multiple layers of radio-frequency (RF shielding material to protect your personal information.  This wallet features the convenient flip-up EZ-Access panel that when opened will allow a bus or subway pass to transmit while still in the wallet. Simply flip-up the panel so your card can be read, then flip it back down into the secure position

You'll love the low-profile look of the Castro from Globe with its casual-cool appeal that you can wear every day. Hand-sewn details give this sporty slip-on a moccasin-inspired edge, while breathable linings resist slippage. Its EVA/latex blend insole deliver optimal arch support and the sticky rubber outsole enhances footing--weather you ride a board or not.	Skate or loaf with equal skill in these cool hybrid skate loafers from Globe. Soft suede or leather upper in a moccasin style loafer, with a whipstitched moc style toe, side quilt-style stitching accents, and a corduroy-textured heel panel. Soft fleece top lining and soft fabric lining, with a cushioned insole. Flexible, lightweight skate style outsole with a grippy gum rubber sole. Comes in a cool cigar-style box.

The Adidas Campus ST have the perfect combination of skate street cred and incredible comfort. This pair of shoes features

Oil and Slip-Resistant RigiTrac Molded EVA. Rubber Outsole in Non-Marking. For women's sizes, add 2 to the men's size. For example, a men's size 5 is a women's size 7.

200522BLKS-M Features

Ladies' Staheekum Wellingtons. SAVE BIG! Easy-on, good looking comfort! These Suede Wellingtons add the well-known fine workmanship of Staheekum to the unmatched warmth of natural sheepskin. Their flexible lugged soles let you wear them indoors AND outdoors as well! Luxury for your tootsies

The Green Ease Ballerina slippers feature a suede upper with a round toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Easy Spirit is all about the luxury of being comfortable. This brand works with a "live to the fullest" mantra and delivers footwear with advanced technology, updated classic styling and beautiful materials that are perfect for work, weekend or work-out.	The Easy Spirit  Caridad  shoes feature a leather upper with a square toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Split toe oxford in soft calfskin or suede with innovative non-visible Nike Air technology encapsulated in the heel. Fully leather lined. Full rubber sole with leather trim.

The ASICS GEL-1110 running shoe provides runners of all levels with an optimal blend of cushioning and stability. Lightweight SpEVA cushioning and durability in forefoot, SpEVA 55 offers additional cushioning and durability. CMEVA midsole with GEL Cushioning Systems provides maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. The DuoMax medial post adds stability and shores the midfoot. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. DuraSponge outsole offers flexibility and cushioning. AHAR+ heel plug helps reduce excessive wear. Wt. 9.3 oz.

Inspired by international football sensation Pele, the Puma Pele Brasil features a sleek suede upper with EVA midsole and rubber outsole.

Real Eel Skin Cigarette and Lighter Holder. Features

fiestey white leather 55

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The Saucony Grid Labyrinth running shoe is built to be as rugged as the people wearing them. With an outsole designed to neutralize most trail obstacles, the Labyrinth provides great traction on the worst of surfaces while protecting the foot from anything that gets in the way. Bootie construction provides a snug slipper-like fit. Midfoot tether system wraps the midfoot to provide greater stability on the trail while enhancing fit. CMEVA midsole with i-Grid cushioning adds heel cushioning. HRC Strobel board increases cushioning and comfort. Multi-directional lugs deliver traction no matter the surface. External bedrock outsole protects the foot while providing traction. Wt. 13.1 oz.

Naturalizer brings some old-school oxford style to the feminine lines of the Lerato loafer. In leather, this handsome offering boasts pinking trim, wing-tip lines, a subtle brogue, and studs as an homage to dapper days gone by. But it's the .75-inch heel and slim lines that keep this look perfectly ladylike.	The perfect loafer for both work and weekends, the Lerato brings classic style to any outfit. Leather upper pops with studded and perforated detailing with a classic wing-tip inspired styling. Soft textile interior lining and cushioned insole help keep feet comfy all day long.

Pair the Tarmac with casual or formal business attire and look smart with an all-day slip-on outfitted with a sleek black leather upper. Subtle stitching provides a modest design accent, while stretch goring on the tongue and the padded insole keep your feet smooth and comfortable.	Go beyond nine to five in these debonair Deer Stags Tarmac dress loafers.  Leather upper in a dress slip on loafer style with a square toe.  Unique vertical inlay at vamp with seam, dual goring at sides, lightly padded collar for comfort.  Smooth lining and cushioned insole, dress style midsole, multi-textured rubber outsole for great traction and durability.  3/4 inch stacked heel.

The Reebok Premier Ultra DMX III is a well-cushioned running shoe for the neutral runner. Open-weave mesh upper with Play Dry lining provides breathability, support and moisture management, 3M Scotchlite material adds night running safety. Eclipse EVA midsole and DMX foam offer cushioning. Transition Bridge aids the heel-to-toe transition. Blown rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel deliver cushioning, traction and durability, forefoot flex grooves add flexibility. Wt. 12.4 oz.

TURF -- COACHING -- For use on artificial grass.  Soft, full-grain leather upper, padded mesh tongue and collar, pre-molded heel counter, fully board-lasted with additional heel tuck board, polyurethane midsole with PUMA CELL unit, fully board-lasted with additional heel tuck board, EVERTRACK solid rubber outsole.  14.5 oz.

This boot features leather at all the critical support areas, plus panels made of lightweight CORDURA fabric, a high tenacity nylon fabric with twice the abrasion resistance of ballistic nylon, twice the puncture/tear resistance of leather, and is not affected by mold or mildew  Full Grain leather/CORDURA fabricupper  Suede leather padded collar  Removable, contoured, cushioned insole  Composite shanks for support  Leather pull tabs  Side wall stitched for stability  Cambrelle moisture-wicking lining

Classic inspired style for players of all abilities. Synthetic upper with shell toe, injection-molded EVA midsole, lateral Torsion support system, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole. Wt. 10.3 oz.

Enjoy true comfort with the Klogs Monterey clogs. Features a leather upper with a stitched and turned center seam. Sueded microfiber lining and a removable Klogs Komfort footbed provide cushioned comfort and sturdy support. The Maxum polyurethane outsole meets the (ASTM) standards for slip resistance, ensuring traction on a variety of surfaces.

Hostile outsole provides exceptional traction. Suede/synthetic/mesh or action leather/synthetic/mesh upper.

The leather upper of the Reebok Speed Trainer cross training shoe provides comfort and durability. A molded EVA midsole adds cushioning. EVA sockliner, rubber outsole. Wt. 12.6 oz.

The Ryka N-Gage Studio Mid was voted "Best for Step and Aerobic Class"Shape Magazine, November 2005. This shoe offers superior cushioning, overall shock absorption and stability. Midcut synthetic and mesh upper provides lightweight, breathable support. Superior cushioning with reboind in forefoot. Midfoot TPU shank offers arch support and stability. Durable cushioning, rebound, and shock absorption in rearfoot. Removable molded Nitracel sockliner for added cushioning and comfort.

*3 1/2" Red Glitter MJ Red Glitter Shoe

Whether you're hitting the country side or the city scape, this boot from Dan Post is the best way to do it. It's made from allover mignon leather which is durable and built to last, on top of being ultra-stylish, and the tonal embroidery on the shaft gives it a handsome western appeal. Pull tabs on each side of the shaft are super convenient, and the cushioned insole ensures day to night comfort.	Pull on the classic all-American Boot! Rugged, distinct, cowboy. These Boots don't just look the part, they ARE the part. Made of rich, rugged Mignon leather from top to bottom for a long life. Plus just enough decorative stitching so you can wear them to "gussied-up" events like weddings and graduations. Of course, built with all the quality that has made Dan Post a leading name in Cowboy Boots. Details

The GBX South Beach men's slip-on, casual dress shoe features a soft, all-natural leather upper and added sock lining for comfort. Dual gore side panels add durability. Rubber outsole provides traction and grip.

Wolverine GORE-TEX Mammoth Boots sport 1,200 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. BIG BUCKS OFF! Keep your feet warm, comfy and dry. These are fully insulated, with a GORE-TEX waterproof, breathable membrane. Waterproof, full-grain leather and 1,000-denier Mossy Oak Cordura uppers; Rugged dual-density rubber outsole ensures comfort, grip and resistance to oil / chemicals; Removable EVA insole; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out water / debris; Padded tongue / collar; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Warm 1,200 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Each is approx. 9 1/2"h. and 31 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Now! Men's Wolverine GORE-TEX 1,200 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation Mammoth Boots, Mossy Oak Camo / Brown

The Dormie slide from Daniel Green is as comfortable a slipper as you can find, with its extra-thick insole padding, but who knew a slipper could look so stylish? It could double as a casual sandal, and no one would be the wiser, which makes the Dormie perfectly wearable on quick errands.	You'll love the all-around comfort of the Dormie slipper from Daniel Green. The faux leather or textile upper of this versatile slide has an open toe and a slight heel for a stylish look. A padded foam footbed creates a soft landing for your foot, while the durable sole takes you from indoors to outdoors with ease.

Named, literally, for the act of scaling walls, the Clarks Escalade loafer is built for climbing the corporate ladder--as well as for getting out of the office--in comfort and style. Available in a buffed black or burnished brown finish, the top-grain leather upper has many distinctive features, including double seam details running asymmetrical along the outside of the shoe and a single crossed seam running over the instep. Contrast colored leather portions add texture to the overall appearance of the shoe, from the pull-tab at the top of the tongue to the two-tone patch over the rigid counter heel. A hidden gore center panel beneath the top of the vamp makes for easy entry, and the wave pattern polyurethane sole, Othrolite footbed, and padded ankle collar keep you sure-footed and very comfy. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	Featuring elastic gores and a burnished leather upper, these slip-ons are comfortable for everyday wear.

Start off on the right foot with Privo by Clarks' Tequini slip-on. The soft leather upper is sportily designed in a low profile for ease of movement. A breathable leather lining leads the foot toward a perfect interior climate for ambitious daily travel.

Pleated toe, suede sole, elastic attached, Vikofome innersole, stitch thru construction, boxed.

This basic Oxford from Capezio is versatile enough to wear in character and theatrical performances, and even in musical and tap performances. It sports a classic lace-up front, a moisture-absorbent cotton lining, and a chunky heel.	###############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################

The glitzy Bobby II dress sandal from Annie will have you looking glam on the dance floor with its see-through upper and chunky clear heel. Its strappy overlay and slingback strap offer a funky femme look while keeping you completely comfy. And the rhinestones over the vamp will be the flirty icing on the cake.	Women's Annies, Bobby sandal  Vinyl trimmed with color  clear heel  Rhinestones makes this a very dressy sandal.

Classic ballet lines grace a sidewalk near you in Jessica Simpson's Leve flat. In leather or fabric, this understated offering boasts sweet pleats, a bow at the vamp, and a box toe as a nod to Leve's dance-inspired heritage. A flat grippy sole promises falter-free footwork wherever you arabesque in Jessica Simpson.	JESSICASIMPSON KID SUEDE Style# JS-LEVE Size

Finally, a pair of sneakers to match your trusty blaze orange. This version of the classic 574 casual shoe from New Balance features a split suede and leather upper with camo print for one-of-a-kind style. Encap EVA midsole and heel offer comfort and cushioning. Rubber outsole delivers great traction.

Utility pouch with full length zipper. 2 dia. x 8 long cylinder.

Drop jaws tonight when you step out in the salacious Pleaser Electra. This up-to-there offering in synthetic boasts a stocking-like shaft and a retro-reminiscent flared 4.75-inch heel and 1.25-inch platform for sex appeal that's funky to boot. A rubber sole promises a flawless strut in Pleaser.	Heel Height

Finished dark wood Geta with cotton toe straps.		The solid wood geta measures 10 1/4 inches long and 4 inches wide and has a padded cloth toe strap.		Theses wooden shoes are not for running or jumping in but perfect for costume, performances or casual wear!

These are the 6' Waterproof Side Zip Composite Safety Toe work boot. These are a Black Full Grain Leather/Black Action Leather/1200 Denier Nylon. They have an interior Two Tone wicking Mesh/Thoro-dri Waterproof System, and the Blood Borne PathogenCompliant. It has a removable Two Density Polyurethane 'Shock Zone' Footbed with Air Flow Vents. They are equipped with a composite shank and a Two Density Rubber with Integrated EVA Impact Pads. They also have the ASTM F 2413-05 M/I/75/C/75 Compositesite Safety Toe. These were also tested and passed the CAN/CSA-Z195 18,000 Volt Electric Shock Resistant Standard. Finally, they have an exterior Heavy Duty YKK Side Zipper.

Superior looks and outstanding comfort wrapped up in a quality sandal. Naturalizer Scout features a borderstitched upper with a selfadhesive hook  loop closure and fulllength foam padding. Also has a flexible outsole, padded sock,  slipresistant outsole.

A sentimental favorite that adapts well  Soft leather upper  Unlined for breathability  Leather-covered foam insole  Flexible rubber sole  Classic rawhide leather lacing  Padded tongue

The Deep See Profile 6.5mm Neoprene Boot provides a low profile molded out sole which is excellent for protection with minimal bulk.

coyl pink paris 90

Aptly named, this sturdy leather ankle boot from Drew Shoe is big on comfort and easy to blend in with your casual wardrobe. The boot features a wide hook-and-loop strap closure, as well as two removable insoles for plenty of adjustability and a customized fit. The soft padded collar and tongue provide added support, while the rocker bottom encourages proper alignment and a more natural walking gait.	Minimalist design for the comfort concerned in the Big Easy comfort Chukka from Drew. Plus Fitting System easily allows the use of custom orthotics. Polyurethane sole is flared for a balanced foundation underfoot. Soft foam-padded collar and tongue deliver cushioning to keep you on your feet throughout the day.

coyl pink paris 95

Traditional sandal in a variety of materials with adjustable strap and shock-absorbing EVA outer sole. Product Specifications

Brown Shoe Company and multiple Grammy winner, Carlos Santana, have worked together to bring you "Carlos by Carlos Santana" footwear. These shoes reflect the same passion and energy that is generated by Carlos Santana's music. A portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the Milagro Foundation, which partners with the nonprofit community to serve the needs of children and youth. Started in 1998 by Carlos and Deborah Santana, this foundation supports educational efforts to help children and youth live healthy, literate, and culturally enriched lives.	The Life Stride Skimmer shoes feature a synthetic upper with a round. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

In 1995 Franco launched his own line of accessories, fulfilling the need for high fashion styling at reasonable price points. Franchi Accessories became an immediate success producing evening and day collections with all design work hailing from Italy. Franco's design philosophy is kept simple; the main theme being that each new series of handbags, evening and day, should perfectly reflect the attitudes and trends of the season. This philosophy continues to resonate today throughout every collection he creates.

These strappy purses with snap closure are made from traditional Chinese brocade fabrics, featuring intricately embroidered designs.  Pagodas, plum blossoms, bamboo and a variety of other Oriental themes adorn these hand sewn purses.  Fun and colorful with a touch of the Asian exotic, they are stylish gifts for women of all ages.  Each set of 2 comes in assorted colors.

sweater bon/bge fabric 55

Fila began in 1911 in the small alpine town of Biella, Italy, a place renowned for manufacturing the world's finest textiles and weaving fabrics with impeccable quality, true innovation, and extraordinary beauty. Born of the city and its traditions, Fila is inspired by Biella's dedication to artistry, luxury, and elegance. It's Fila's birthright, it's in their soul, and it defines their future. They continue to enrich the athletic experience by improving comfort and performance with Italian design, quality craftsmanship, and refined materials. There is no feeling quite as luxurious as that of playing in Fila, and that is the reason for Fila's existence. We create what is desired, not just what is necessary.	A quick science lesson

The Zephz Swirl soccer cleat for kids features a uniquely designed lightweight synthetic upper with asymmetrical speed lacing. The riveted rubber sole delviers great traction on firm, natural pitches.

Every girl's favorite sandal! The "authentic" Reef Butter. Features a square shaped outsole, silky nubuck strap and footbed and flatering mid-height wedge for everyday wear.

Foot pampering Explorer Oxfords by Dickies! Just the footwear you need for miles of wear. Long-lasting, full-grain leather uppers; Repairable Goodyear welt for stability; Cushioning insole; Oil-resistant, blown-rubber outsole for grip; Approx. 4 1/2"h. ANSI 75 rated steel toe protection. Approx. 28 ozs. State Width

The Asics Wristbands are made of soft, super absorbent terry, with the Asics logo embroidered on one side and and Asics A logo on the other.3" wide, 4" long2 per packFiber Content

jumpp purple fabric 60

101440GRY435 Features

jumpp purple fabric 65

Knock your game outta the park with the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats.  We're big baseball fans, and some of us here at SHOEBACCA.com spend our evening hours studying the shoe technology behind some of our favorite players, so that we can find the best shoes to offer you.  It's almost scary to think of all of the incredible technology that goes into a pair of baseball cleats like the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats.We say incredible, because the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats can do it all. They were engineered up top to provide outstanding durability, agility and performance, and because they rock so hard, adidas didn't want you to have to sacrifice all that goodness just because the field changes. That's why the adidas Excel IC men's baseball cleats come with three sets of cleats

The durable Iron Clad boot from Rocky is about as tough as you can get. Its sturdy construction and waterproof leather upper will keep you dry as you work and completely in comfort with its padded collar and cushioned footbed. Its fully tractioned sole will guarantee a steady step with its seven layer slip and oil-resistant IronClad outsole so that you can rest assured to get the job done.	Ruggedly handsome, hard worker, tough and strong. You may think the previous sentence sounds like a dating ad you would find in the personal section of the newspaper but actually I am describing the Rocky Ironclad 5696 work boot. This boot is going to look great on your feet and be a fantastic asset when you are hard at work.

Climb the corporate ladder with pure class and sophistication with the radiant Nolan tailored pump from Franco Sarto. This preppy-chic loafer pump has a semi-polished leather upper with tonal stitching, a pretty round apron toe, and a chunky stacked heel. Additionally, the smooth linings and cushioned insole will keep you light on your feet from one board meeting to the next, while the crepe textured rubber outsole will keep you grounded with confidence and grace.	Heel Height

The adidas NBA Superstar 1 men's retro shoes pay tribute to the greatest NBA teams to ever tap the power of the hardwood, like the Golden State Warriors. Available in many different team styles, the adidas Superstar 1 will help you show off your love for the Warriors. There are a lot of ways to show your support for your team. The adidas Superstar 1 is a more subtle way to do it. Of course, you can involve body paint, placards and bedazzled jerseys... many more overt types of acclaim for the team of your choice. We've seen the classic rainbow wig dyed in team colors. Surely you know the ubiquitous super fan with a fully licensed collection of NBA trinkets and toys that accompany him to every game.Heck, you can even get a detailed tattoo of your favorite player's face done across your back. It's going to hurt, and will be even harder to explain when you get home. Ditch the "Ow, I'm sunburned there" excuses and pick up the adidas NBA Superstar 1 Warriors edition. It's a classic shell toe customized with NBA style, retaining all of the standard elements that you've come to expect from adidas, like leather upper construction and the rubber shell toe and sole that will outlast that West Coast dynasty for which you keep a candle burning.

The open-weave mesh upper on the Reebok Premier Road Lite DMX III running shoe provides breathability and comfort. Play Dry lining gives moisture management. 3M Scotchlite material adds night running safety. CMEVA midsole delivers stability and cushioning. 3D Plus adds lightweight, natural footstrike. Transition Bridge aids the heel-to-toe transition. EVA lasting offers enhanced comfort. DMX Shear provides vertical/horizontal cushioning and reduces stress of heel impact. DMPRTEK rubber outsole gives cushioning, traction and durability. Wt. 12.0 oz.

Men's Ducks Unlimited 17" Ankle Fit Rubber Knee Boots. Get traditional Rubber Knee Boot protection from these Ducks Unlimited 17" Boots. The ideal combination of comfort and durability

Athletic-inspired sneakers with an urban attitude give your tike a fashion edge.  We love the soft textured leather, bold contrast stitching, and squared toe.  He'll  appreciate the generous cushioning and support.  Double hook-and-loop straps make dressing a breeze.	Reaction by Kenneth Cole gets their engines running with this sporty casual.  Soft full grain leather upper in a casual sporty style, with contrast or tonal stitching and Reaction logo accents, matching or contrasting overlay details and dual strap Velcro front straps with a padded tongue and collar.  Soft sueded fabric lining with a cushioned insole.  Very flexible, lightweight midsole.  Traction patterned outsole with toe and heel wraps.

Properly named for its artistic flair, the Skechers Soho Lab Culprit is a women's casual shoe with a leather and mesh lace-up upper for a clean, personalized fit. Durable rubber outsole absorbs shock while providing traction. Padded footbed increases comfort.

Color card system allows you customize with team colors, logo or mascot. Non-marking rubber outsole with forefoot flex grooves provides excellent traction, stability and flexibility. Heel finger notch allows for added steadiness during stunts. Supportive synthetic leather upper is easy to break in and easy to clean. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning.  Weight 9.4 oz.

This oil-tanned full grain wellington boot features a guaranteed Nitrile sole and heel with V-tread design that is oil resistant and non-marking  Full grain leather upper  Soft-lined vamp, unlined quarter  Double cushion Velvet-eez air cushioned innersole  Heavy-duty shank  Guaranteed Nitrile sole and heel, oil-resistant and non-marking  Goodyear welt construction

The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility. Weight 10.8 oz.

This boot from Laredo combines a Western shape with classic wingtip styling. The two-toned upper features intricate stitching and dual pull tabs that make it easy to put on.	Boot Height

This gorgeous leather slip-on from Zengara is made to pamper your feet and keep you looking good in comfort. It boasts clean lines and a low heel, plus a square toe and intricate contrast stitching details.	Zengara SLIP-ON. BICYCLE FRONT in black, dark brown, and tan.

SpEVA Cushioning Component adds lightweight cushioning, rearfoot and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, Trusstic System Multi-piece DuraSponge outsole provides a well-cushioned and flexible toe-off. Weight 12.5 oz.

Athletic styling keeps these walkers looking fit and ready to roll. Abundant padding in the collar and tongue lend comfort and support. High-traction sole keeps up with your every move. Made with vegan Microfiber.

Limited Edition. Be 1 of 9 lucky people to own a pair of the most exclusive footwear in Europe. Only 1 of each size made. Exclusively available from togged.com. Full grain leather with genuine snake skin. Split suede, leather sock and collar lining. Cup sole with deco stitch detailing. Full grain leather shoe box included.

fiestey red leather 75

fiestey red leather 70

Classic boat shoe style and more durable vulcanized sole. Built to stand the test of time. Sebago San Juan are classic nubuck slip-on boat mocs that stand up to slippery decks. And for durability the vulcanized construction fuses the sole directly to the upper. More

The ultimate in cozy comfort for wearing around the house or for traveling in luxury. Uppers are suede or leather and fully lined with sheepskin. Insole

5.5 inch Chunky Heel Sandal Women's Size Shoe With Red Cross.

This wonderfully comfortable and uber-stylish thong from Sanuk will be the biggest Persuader for dropping everything and spending a day in the sun. With the wide thong upper, faux-suede lined contoured footbed, and a textured outsole, this thong will give you an extra special glide to your ultra-feminine stride.	Fun and Playful Shoes by Sanuk,2" Inch Heel,Rubber Outsole,Happy U Outsole,Sanuk Logo Tab On Strap,Made Out Of Real Yoga Mat,Vegan Friendly,SWS3053 BLK

NEW Wolverine DuraShocks GORE-TEX 6" Utility Boots are WATERPROOF, breathable and ready for anything! BIG SAVINGS! Upgrade to these premium Boots by Wolverine. The GORE-TEX membrane ensures they're 100% waterproof, breathable guaranteed, so you stay dry from outside wet and from your own foot moisture. Work, hiking, hunting, casual wear, these are all-arounders! Waterproof full-grain leather uppers are comfort-flexible; DuraShocks outsole for extreme cushioning, sure grip; Removable mesh-lined DuraShocks insole; Moisture-wicking nylon lining; Padded tongue and collar; 3/4 gussetted to lock out debris; Each is approx. 6" h., and a lightweight 23 ozs. Order your size ONLINE now! State Width

4.75 inch Knee High Boot Women's Size Shoe With Chunky Heel and Stretch.

The full grain upper leather offers exceptional quality and the shock absorbing outsoles combine for an all day Komfort experience!

Whether you're day hiking on slickrock in Utah or on a short backpacking trip in coastal British Columbia, Vasque Switchback Women's Hiking Boots keep you moving. The high-cut nubuck upper protects your ankles and keeps sharp rocks and dirt out while you hike over scree fields. The Switchback Hiking Boot's aggressive Vibram sole digs into wet mud or loose dirt and wears well for years of outdoor adventure. For cushioning, Vasque used a molded EVA midsole and dual density EVA insole in this versatile and light backpacking boot.Product FeaturesMaterial

Men's Stearns Lightweight Utility Stocking Foot Chest Waders. These Lightweight Utility Stocking Foot Chest Waders are for bargain hunters like you! They're constructed of PVC fabric with waterproof welded seams. Elastic suspenders keep these Waders up as you wade through the river. State Size. Order Today! Men's Stearns Lightweight Utility Stocking Foot Chest Waders

The Sorel Cub for toddlers is a pull-on nylon boot with removable felt liner, elastic instep strap, and bungee drawcord at top to keep warm feet in and snow out. Featuring a built-in gaiter with barrel lock closure system, your little snow toddler will keep warm and cozy all season long.	Sorel Youth Cub A pull-on nylon boot with removable felt liner, elastic instep strap, and bungee drawcord at top to keep snow out. Sorel rated to -25F (-32C) UPPER

Naturalizer Women's 'Ellen' Slide Sandal.

Big quality, big style, big sizes! BIG BUCKS OFF Kenneth Cole Reaction Ready 2 Go! The Kenneth Cole Reaction line usually resides in exclusive department stores, where you can get a rash from the high prices! But now a Close-Out gives you the best of all worlds... they're kind of dressy, kind of cool casual, kind of boot, kind of oxford... here for less! Up to size 16! Premium, full-grain leather uppers; Rubber outsole offering traction and bounce; Permanent, padded, leather-lined insole for support and cushioning; Soft, naturally breathable leather lining; Padded tongue; Each approx. 5"h. and 20 ozs. State Color and Size. Medium width. Don't miss this chance to upgrade your style... choose and order quick! Men's Kenneth Cole Reaction Ready 2 Go Shoes

Synthetic/mesh upper, ACTEVA midsole with ABZORB SBS in the heel and forefoot, Stability Web, dual-density medial post delivers pronation control, Rollbar(TM) brings added stability. Solid rubber outsole. Wt. 14.6 oz.

Get classic Altama Jungle Boots for when the going gets steamy! From famed military maker Altama, with a vulcanized rubber sole that just keeps wearing and wearing. Have a look

Step up and support your favorite MLB team in the Reebok MLB Clubhouse Exclusive. This casual men's shoe features a soft, patent leather upper with baseball-inspired embroidery. High-abrasion rubber outsole provides traction and durability.

Contemporary casual lightweight suede shoes with side elastic gores and shock-absorbing comfort technology. Split suede leather with rubber sole. Imported. Item #85690.

DR. SCHOLL SLIDE * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--RUBBER* MIDSOLE--WOOD * MEDIUM WIDTH* IMPORT

Whether you're on the trail or the sidewalk, the Rockport men's World Tour Classic walking shoe offers support and style. Featuring a mid-height rise, gently distressed leather upper, and solid-rubber outsole, this shoe has a special design that grips a variety of surfaces. And don't worry about mud, the full-grain leather upper is a cinch to clean.	The WT Classic casual shoe for men from Rockport offers a simple, versatile and comfortable design with a padded tongue and collar and a Strobel construction. A Walking Platform provides excellent rearfoot stability, forefoot flexibility and long-term comfort. It includes a removable, contoured EVA footbed for added cushioning and a steel shank for support.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Men's/Unisex Boots*JUNGLE BOOT-II, 20 Eyelet /Canvas S/T Knee BootAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.This style comes in mens size. The size difference between men and women is 2, so if you want women size 8, you should choose size 6 here.

Sonic heat welding is a new process used to construct a stronger, more durable and abrasion resistant upper without adding weight. Interior lacing system keeps laces protected from abrasion. Long-lasting and versatile construction material used for toe cap and lateral wear zones. Midsole  are made of responsive lightweight polyurethane foam and will not compress over time. Breathable mesh fabrics are key to creating a cool, comfortable shoe. Slip lasting creates a flexible, responsive shoe. 100% leather upper with reflective trim and accents.

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Men's Dr. Martens Troy Chelsea Boots and Dr. Martens Troy Chukkas. World famous Dr. Martens shock-absorbing comfort... with a form-fitting twin gore panel design or custom-fit laces! Durable and stylish full-grain powdered leather uppers; Rubber outsole with Dr. Martens Air Cushion technology for grip and cushion; Corked EVA midsole for shock absorption; Cushioned, permanently padded, fabric-lined insole with added heel pad; Unlined for cool breathability; Padded collar. State Color; and Size. Medium width. Order Now! Twin gore panels for easy on / off. Rear pull-on loops. Approx. 4 3/4" h., 12 ozs. AVAILABLE SEPARATELY

jumpp green fabric 60

Brown Shoe Company and multiple Grammy winner, Carlos Santana, have worked together to bring you "Carlos by Carlos Santana" footwear. These shoes reflect the same passion and energy that is generated by Carlos Santana's music. A portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the Milagro Foundation, which partners with the nonprofit community to serve the needs of children and youth. Started in 1998 by Carlos and Deborah Santana, this foundation supports educational efforts to help children and youth live healthy, literate, and culturally enriched lives.	Add edgy elegance to any outfit with Carlos by Carlos Santana Perry pull-on boot. The sleek faux leather upper of this women's wedge-heel boot is textured with strap, buckle and ruching details. The synthetic sole of the Carlos by Carlos Santana Perry boot delivers reliable traction and lasting wear.

The Shiraz from Naturalizer is a fabulously stylish tailored pump that enhances the look of skirts, suits and dress pants. Featuring leather uppers with cutouts, soft polyurethane linings and cushioned insoles, the Shiraz elegantly combines style and comfort in an all-day pump.	Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.

berlin black leather 65

This rugged boot from Sorel is ideal for those who tend to find themselves in extreme conditions. Constructed from waterproof leather, the boot is seam-sealed to keep feet warm and dry. The built-in  gaiter/bootie has an easy barrel-lock closure for walking in deep snow, and an Achilles adjustment strap which can be tightened to further provide ankle support for uneven terrain. The removable EVA comfort footbed reduces weight and adds thermal protection for long days in the cold.	A Sorel classic for the customer seeking the ultimate rugged utility boot. This seam-sealed, fully waterproof, insulated boot features a built-in gaiter, adjustable achilles strap and an EVA midsole for unparalleled Sorel comfort..

These sandals are perfect for all of your outdoor adventures. Features include premium, full-grain leather straps for durability and a rugged lug outsole for traction on all types of surfaces. Imported.

Soft full-grain leather upper, molded EVA heel increases stability and support, spandex foam collar lining, polyurethane sockliner. IMEVA/CMEVA midsole, Duracourt rubber outsole adds increased durability and abrasion, DMX foam.

Lace-free Guide Gear Slip-on Mocs for ultra comfort! These durable, stylish Mocs will be the ones you grab when you're after a feel great day for your feet! Suede leather uppers for durable style; Rubber outsole; Removable nylon-lined EVA insole for comfort; Nylon lined for moisture wicking; Twin gore panels; Approx. 4 1/2"h., 17 ozs. each. State Color and Size, as available in the Shopping Cart below. Medium width. Guide Gear on the label ALWAYS means a super deal for you, so get your size now! Men's Guide Gear Mocs

Kenneth Cole, an American designer known for both his social conscience and chic, urban aesthetic, translates what's hip and what's now to your life, and to your closet. With a variety of styles, all with the distinctive Kenneth Cole flair, these handbags

The New Balance 857 is a high mileage running shoe that accomodates the moderate to severe overpronator. Lightweight and supportive synthetic/mesh upper. ACTEVA midsole with ABZORB SBS in heel and forefoot, TS2 dual-density medial post provides pronation control and smooth transition through the gait cycle. Stability Web offers superior midfoot support while reducing overall weight. Dual-density medial post helps control pronation. Extended Web delivers exceptional stability and pronation control. Solid rubber N-Durance outsole adds maximum durability in high wear areas. Wt. 11.7 oz.

Split-sole design with canvas/leather upper.  Lined heel for comfort and fit.  3.0 oz.

The classic Mary Jane gets a modern update with a zigzag closure and a sporty pronged rubber outsole. The cool combo leather upper, low-slung design, and hip asymmetrical lines give it a fresh new look. This sweet and sassy shoe boasts versatility among its many virtues. It looks absolutely great with everything from jeans to skirts. About Skechers Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Incorporate your streetwise styling in the Bikers Step-Up mary jane from Skechers. Leather mary jane straps zig-zag across the upper with hip appeal. Low profile rubber sole is a flexible companion to your urban exploration.

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The perfect blend of support and responsiveness in a performance shoe, the Tangent 2 is perfect for race day or fast training days.

Synthetic upper with removable color cards, outsole/midsole area is scalloped at the medial and lateral arch areas, rear finger notch, semi-flat outsole for traction without rough edges. 7.8 oz.

Traditional Clog in a variety of materials with adjustable strap and shock-absorbing EVA outer sole. Product Specifications

Your average football player stares down three-hundred-pound linemen for hours at a time, so it's safe to bet it'll take more than a pair of football cleats to intimidate him. The mere sight of the adidas Pro Intimidate 3/4 Mid football cleats won't send that muscle-bound middle linebacker scrambling to hide in the showers, but you might become a much more intimidating presence on the field if you take advantage of the Pro Intimidate's effective design and useful features.The adidas Pro Intimidate 3/4 Mid football cleats feature an incredibly light-weight synthetic upper to encourage quick feet, and their screw-in studs will give you a firm and steady grip on soft, natural ground. Perhaps most intimidating, though, is the shoe's use of the adidas patented adiPRENE cushioning material. By placing a pouch of the ultra-responsive adiPRENE in the adidas Pro Intimidate 3/4 Mid football cleats' forefoot area, the cleat gives you a slight push back with every step you take, reducing the amount of effort expended in each step. Toward the end of a long game, that extra bit of energy you've saved up might go a long way to help you finish strong, almost freakishly strong. Maybe the linebackers will hit the showers early after all.

WOW! Guide Gear 2,000 gram WATERPROOF Pac Boots are warm to -100 degrees. Now, PRICED LESS! These boast 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation... 1,400 grams in the boot foot with a 600 gram removable liner and a 3/8" wool felt EVA midsole. Extreme quality for the extremes

Designed for rough terrain and variable conditions, the Merrell Phaser Peak Waterproof Hiking Boots - Men's tackles the outback with moisture-free precision. Perfect for your free ranging adventure, this hikers high-cut Nubuck upper with bellows tongue will keep debris out as it blocks out the elements with its Merrell waterproof construction. Treated with an Aegis antimicrobial solution to keep your feet freshness for miles, the Phaser Peak uses a Merrell Grade 4 nylon insole along its durable EVA footframe and aggressive Vibram Phaser sole to maximize stability..

Women's Converse Steel Toe Suede Leather Retro Joggers. A retro look with quality, comfort and protection you wouldn't expect from such stylish Shoes. Don't compromise on looks or protection. Get these Converse Steel Toe Suede Leather Retro Joggers

Soft Full-Grain Leather Stitch Down Construction Removable supportive contoured EVA footbed EVA midsole for stability and cushioned support Goodyear Power Pivot non-marking push off sole Steve Last Fixed S8 Slide Sole and H5 Heel.

Get your glam rock on in the Pleaser Swing-815 knee-high boot. This over-the-top boot features a gleaming upper with silver buckles trailing all the way down the shaft. A back zipper allows you to get in and out with ease. A sky-high platform ensures that you'll be center stage, no matter where your fabulous travels may take you.	Heel Height

Take your style seriously with the Delfina pump from Circa Joan & David. This simple yet ultra-feminine and sexy has a smooth leather upper, tonal stitching, cross front detail, a teasing open toe, a stylish stacked heel and platform, soft leather lining, cushioned insole, and a leather outsole. The Delfina is a lovely accent to your business, dress, and even casual wardrobe.	The Joan & David "Delfina" is a natural calfskin leather classic open toe wedge style pump. Leather lined in very high quality designer shoes!!

Retro-hot Asics Top 7 Athletic Shoes! SAVE BIG! A classic court shoe from the "totally '80s," ready to get you in the game! I gave my supplier the old pump-fake and drove to the hoop, so these are here at Close-Out savings off the original price! Durable, flexible, comfortable full-grain leather uppers; Rubber outsole lets you put the moves on with turn-on-a-dime grip; Permanent padded insole is shock absorbing when you're crashing the boards; Wicking mesh lining gets you into overtime with dry comfort; Each is approx. 4 1/2" h., a lightweight 13 ozs. For games or just for kicking back talking about the glory days... get this sweet deal ONLINE now! State Size. Medium width. Men's Asics Top 7 Athletics, White / Orange / Blue

When lightweight trekking is your desire and secure support your need, the Merrell Sawtooth Hiking Boots - Men's are made with the right stuff for all your long haul adventures. A perfect balance of light/fast and stout/durable this backcountry footwear combines a rugged Ballisticore nylon upper body with Nubuck leather reinforcement overlays to provide exceptional stability and all-day comfort. Anatomical designed, the under-arch bridge of Merrell's Vibram Chisel Sole encourages a natural stride while peripheral lugs dig in for outstanding traction..

The Converse Wade is Dwyane Wade's signature basketball shoe. Full-grain leather upper with mesh tongue for breathability. Internal Neoprene bootie construction supports the foot and provides added comfort. Double lasted construction provides low-to-the-ground control. Injection molded pieces in the shank add support. Removable CMEVA innersole gives cushion. All elements of Foot Strike Management (outrigger on the lateral side, rounded outsole on medial side, flex grooves throughout outsole area).  Wt. 14.6 oz.  **Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.**

Rogue Shoe products and their approach to business are inspired in large part by the place they call home -- Portland, Oregon. From Lewis and Clark to Gus Van Sant, it's a city known for rogues, mavericks, and adventurers. They celebrate that spirit when they can -- and sometimes when they shouldn't. Rogue shoes and sandals are designed in Oregon and assembled in China.

Undeniable attitude, unmistakable style and legendary comfort... that IS Dr. Martens! PRICED RIGHT! "50,000,000 Dr. Martens fans can't be wrong!" Millions of pairs are sold each year, all over the world. Discover the rave yourself, and SAVE BIG because these are Close-Out pairs, although they're all still fully fresh! Here's what the Doctor ordered

KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.	Kathy Van Zeeland started out on her own in 2004 to provide designer handbags at a more affordable price so we all may have a collection of beautiful handbags. Start your collection of kvz"s today.

Examine these Examiner Bicycle Toe Slip-on Oxfords from Skechers and you'll find sleek, nicely stitched slip-on oxford loafers that are dressy enough for an evening out, yet comfortable and casual enough to wear under jeans. You'll appreciate the slip-resistant rubber sole and distinctive bicycle shoe stitching along the toe, which accents the lines of these easy-on and elegant shoes.   About Skechers Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women, and children. The company's success stems from its high-quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since its inception in 1992, Skechers' diverse product offering has grown from utility-styled boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Look and feel your best in this comfortable shoe from Skechers! The Skechers Examiner 60122 is set in a leather upper, accented with sleek lines and double seams. Designed as a slip on style with a square-like toe box for extra room and comfort. Feel the comfort of the padded collar and center hidden gore under vamp for an easy on and off. Lug rubber sole for optimal traction. Polish off your look with the Skechers Examiner 60122.

5 inch Heel Mule Women's Size Shoe.

No leather materials used in construction.The signature Keds style that has carried the blue label for 85 years has been re-engineered with subtle changes to make your feet look and feel great.You?ll notice this old favorite now has a soft terry lining, comfortable arch support, a wedge that hugs your heel and more wiggle room for your toes.Breathable canvas upper for superior comfort and durability.Rubber calendar outsole for excellent traction.Blown rubber midsole provides superior shock absorption, and extra comfort.Contemporary design for a variety of occasions.

This style from Minnetonka features all the classic elements of a great moccasin, perfect for warm-weather leisure. And its genuine leather upper and double-bottom construction make it soft and cushioned.	Looks that say, "I've walked a mile in my shoes." Shoes are always better when they're broken in. So Minnetonka Mocs uses distressed "Ruff" leather to give the upper on these mocs that "been there, done that" look of experience. And that's just the beginning of the features

The New "Pistol Belt" Sandals are just in!	These sandals are great, comfortable and quality made. All materials first quality.

Fusing a sleek, fashionable design with a functional lace-up front, the Tribeca Cross-Eye heeled boot is the epitome of glamorous cool. The boot features a soft leather upper, a flex rubber out-sole, an inside zipper, 3.5-inch stacked heel and a strap with a buckle accent. These boots are versatile enough to be worn with a variety of skirts and crop pants.	Tribeca, A Kenneth Cole Production. A line that gives the fashion forward customer a chance to express herself.  Up to the minute fashion silhouettes, that covers sandals, platforms, boots, denim friendly heels and evening makers.  Don't be afraid to let the shoe help tell the story.

Treat your feet to comfort in the Pedwalker 3 shoe from Propet. Its fully padded interior will help keep every step energized while its sturdy, lightly tractioned sole offers enhanced non-slip protection. The thick, Velcro-close tab provides adjustable fit and an easy on/off.	Spiff up your style with the Propet Pedwalker 3 men's casual shoe. This men's slip-on shoe has a full-grain leather and neoprene upper with a padded collar and tongue. A mesh lining and rigid heel counter with double removable footbed guarantee long-lasting comfort. A hook and loop single strap closure system is for easy on and off. This Propet shoe is finished with a lightweight and supportive air infused rubber unitsole. You'll feel comfortable and look great all day in the Propet Pedwalker 3.

duke black paris 55

The Adidas Real Deal basketball shoe is back and ready to dominate. Full-grain and synthetic leather upper provides comfort and durability. Inlay

Indulge your girly side while looking completely pulled together with this stylish satchel. Side zip pockets feature a cute fleur de lis charm on the zipper pulls, while the front clasp sports a Kathy Van Zeeland crown logo. But the alligator texture and roomy interior are all business.	KATHY Van Zeeland was founded in 2004 to create the highest quality and trend-right handbags for women. KATHY is committed to designing fresh product each season with the best materials at an affordable cost for her customers.

UGG Australia Style 5125. Clog-inspired slipper. Fully lined with genuine sheepskin. Embossed logo tag on top. Sole provides traction and durability.

5 Inch (12.7Cm) Heel Open Toe Pump With 0.25 Inch (0.635Cm) Platform

The Kyle shoe from Dr. Martens has a perforated leather mesh footbed for cushioning and ventilation, plus a rugged outsole with flex grooves for traction and durability. This classic, simple shoe goes well with jeans or Ben Davis pants for a casual, industrial look.	Wear for the style, keep 'em on for the comfort! Dr. Martens 6 - eyelet Oxfords, SAVE BIG! Featuring the original air-cushioned comfort system! The real deal all the way... the only difference you'll notice between here and the shoe store is the discount price. The good Doctor is in

Danner Sharptail Boots... SAVE BIG! Danner... for 71 years, they've delivered among the best Boots around. So it's no surprise they typically sell in fancy stores for a big $$. But this Close-Out deal saves you cash! Pure quality

Timberland's Classic has the same great qualities as their 6 Inch Premium Boots, only shorter in the height. Constructed to be waterproof and have plenty of support so your feet stay dry and comfortable. Built rugged, to hold up to years of use.	In a small Boston, Massachusetts town in 1918, Timberland bootmaker Nathan Swartz began his career of bootmaker. His company grew as he and his sons expanded their products from waterproof boots to include clothing and womens footwear. In the 1990s socks were included. Timberland encourages their employees to serve in the community with paid time-off. Other great products available from Timberland are watches, backpacks, kids' footwear and other gear. Timberland Men's or Women's Power Lounger Low with Smartwool Lining. Built for comfort, this performance outdoor after-sport shoe features a unique climate control system to keep feet warm in the winter and cool in the summer. The traction sole gets you where you're going whatever the weather's doing. Timberland Men's Power Lounger Clog with Smartwool Lining. With SmartWool lining, these clogs keep feet warm in the winter, cool in the summer, and always comfortable no matter what the weather is doing. Imported. Timberland Men's Echo Bay Boat Shoe. The ultimate boat shoe. Full-grain oiled leather upper for comfort, durability and abrasion resistant. Imported.

Climb the corporate ladder with pure class and sophistication with the radiant Bocca tailored loafer from Franco Sarto. This preppy-chic loafer pump has a semi-polished leather upper with tonal stitching, a pretty round apron toe, and a chunky stacked heel. Additionally, the smooth linings and cushioned insole will keep you light on your feet from one board meeting to the next, while the crepe textured rubber outsole will keep you grounded with confidence and grace.	Business savvy meets preppy styling in the Bocca loafer from Franco Sarto. The calf leather , suede, metallic patent leather or animal-print fabric and leather upper of this men's dress shoe offers minimalist detail to solidify your professional demeanor. Flexible rubber sole cushions and supports for reliable comfort through the day.

The Ultrascendor combines performance features with lightweight materials and design elements that minimize the weight of the shoe. From the skeletalized outsole with exposed EVA to the unique design of the Cushion Board, each feature of the Ultrascendor was engineered to elevate the level of game play.

Nothing will be able to stop you when you're wearing the 1042 Waterproof Insulated 6" Steel-Toe work boots from Wolverine. This pair combines advanced technology with reliable safety features to give you a rugged, reliable boot designed to meet the rough and challenging conditions you face everyday. This pair features waterproof Nubuck leather uppers for long-lasting durability and rugged performance. Wolverine employs direct attach construction and uses a non-marking, slip- and oil-resistant rubber outsole to give you reliable wear and solid footing on a variety of surfaces. To keep you safe, these work boots have an ASTM-approved steel safety toe for protection against impacts and falling objects. They're ASTM-rated electrical hazard-resistant as well to guard against currents and shock in dry conditions. Inside, you'll find all the advanced features you need to stay comfortable on the job. They're lined with mesh for a breathable fit that works to keep you cool and dry hour after hour. With 400-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation you'll be protected against the colder temperatures. It works without adding bulk and will never compress, lose efficiency or trap perspiration so you stay warm. A removable full-cushion footbed gives you the comfort you need. Added arch support is provided by a nylon shank. Put the performance of Wolverine to work on your feet with the 1042 Waterproof Insulated 6" Steel-Toe work boots. Pick up yours now for the rugged features you need to meet all your challenging workplace demands. If you haven't found exactly what you're looking for take a look at the Wolverine 1041 soft toe version of this boot or the 8" 1044. Sizes Manufactured

cult 26011 wbk 6.5

Bostonian's Evanston slip-on is a great addition to classic office wear. The tasseled kiltie construction features a perforated toe for subtle style. First-Flex technology eliminates any break-in period and provides a custom-made feel.	Bostonians Classic First-Flex Collection offers the Evanston in a classic wingtip kiltie tassel. Fine polished leather exhibits distinctive craftsmanship, and all the comfort of a lace-up with all the convenience of a slip-on. First-flex technology provides specially treated leather soles and soft, supple leather uppers for the already-broken-in-fit and feel of a custom-made shoe. Complete your look with the Bostonian Evanston.

Designed for the runner seeking support and structured cushioning for high-mileage training. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical SpEva midsole, Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) in rearfoot allows the foot to perform in a more natural manner, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, and DuoTruss System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves for rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike. Wt. 9.5 oz.

coyl natural paris 80

coyl natural paris 85

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	The Rockport Colfax men's lace-up sneaker is the perfect shoe for all-day wear. The full-grain waterproof leather upper and Hydro-Shield construction help keep your foot dry during inclement weather. For lightweight mid-foot support, the shoe features a fiberlon shank, which is also airport security friendly. The forefoot pad provides additional underfoot cushioning and the rubberized EVA sole delivers durable shock absorbency.leather.Rubber sole.PlayDry lining helps keep the foot dryPadded collar and tongue help prevent blisters.Cushioned footbed.

Your day's work is only as good as your boots, and this rugged pair from Caterpillar promises not to disappoint. Made with a durable tumbled grain leather upper, and using Goodyear welt construction, the Alaska features a combination D-ring and hook lace-up system with a padded tongue and collar for reliable support and protection. The nylon mesh lining and removable PU sockliner lend breathability and added comfort, while the signature treaded rubber outsole is lightweight, hardwearing, and slip-resistant.	The Alaska FX Men's Work Boot has a tumbled full grain leather upper, breathable nylon mesh lining and a removable polyurethane outsole. Other features include TechniFlex construction, slip resistant, and Goodyear welt construction for comfort.

Jo Dalle is the newest addition to the line of J Shoe Company's footwear, which started in 1981.  Named after a noble Italian crusader, Jo Dalle creates contemporary ladies' footwear descended from a rich history of fine shoes.

You'll appreciate the superior quality of this hunting boot from Danner. Its stitchdown construction is extra durable, while Gore-Tex lining and full-grain leather keep you dry for the duration of the hunt.	Conquer "The Great White North" in Danner Elite Series Canadian 600 gram Boots. When big game animals hear these boots coming, they say their good-byes. That's just how it goes with these legendary guide-quality hunting boots. The towering full-grain leather upper and Danner Bob outsole conquers terrain as naturally as the critters we all dream of hunting. And 600 gram Thinsulate Ultra gives you the insulation you need to keep your feet out of the deep freeze. Take a look

Men's "Zipper Town Boot" Rubber Rain Boots by totes>>ISOTONER. These waterproof rubber boots protect and extend the life of your shoes from the damaging effects of rain, snow and salt. Town boots provide even more protection for ankles, socks and shoes. Easy on - easy off, because they stretch. Thick, long-wearing sole. Lightweight, convenient to use. Folds small and wipes clean. Keep a pair of these rubber boots handy to protect your shoes from all kinds of weather. Available in Black. Sizes

Lightweight performance trainer for any type of trail running. Light, flexible and sticky. This shoe is designed for Mountain Running(r). A sturdy heel cup mixed with a triple density midsole and a high tensile composite RockGuard protects the foot from gnarly terrain. The Fireblade is a stable, mid cushioned shoe ideal for mild pronaters and neutral runners. * Stretch mesh tongue guard keeps dirt, pebbles and trail debris out. * Triple-density midsole with TrailShock for pronation control and stability * Roomy ventilated toebox

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Lace up the Rockport Marta walking shoe and you're ready to hit the pavement. The full grain leather upper of this women's casual shoe boasts contrast stitching for visual appeal, while the rubber outsole grips a variety of surfaces. The patented Walking PlatformTM construction provides a wide base of support for the heel without compromosing forefoot flexibility. The latex Kinetic AirCirculatorTM footbed adds exceptional cushioning to every step. Get moving with the Rockport Marta walking shoe.

Full Western style... with modern side-zip comfort! Guide Gear Western Side-zip Boots. SAVE BIG! The way the West SHOULD have been won! Dodge City wouldn't have been half as dangerous if those desperados had decent Boots to wear. Now you can experience a snug, comforting fit in a slick, traditional Western Boot... great for day-to-day use as well as making the scene at all your favorite hot spots. Offered here at a slick straight-from-the-factory price! You SAVE BIG BUCKS! Modern Western design

Enjoy a handbag of the highest quailty with a caricature of many of the world's best women writers (top-bottom)

Slip into comfort when you put on these cozy slippers. The sheepskin upper is both durable and warm and features tradition moccasin styling, with cording around the foot and whipstitching around the toes. If comfort is king, youll be king of the castle in these slippers.	Minntonka Moccasins Sheepskin Slippers... premium comfort and soft-sole flexibility. Delight your toes and wallet at the same time! This is premium sheepskin construction... the ultimate in comfort. Features

Chinese Laundry launched in 1982 with a collection of fashion forward footwear targeted to the young women's market. From stylish daytime looks in innovative fabrics and leathers, to evening collections in dressy metallics and iridescents, Chinese Laundry continues to create and deliver style and fashion at an affordable price. Chinese Laundry has carved a niche for itself in today's competitive market and is available in better department and specialty stores nationwide.	The Chinese Laundry Wesley shoes feature a synthetic upper with a open-toe. The leather or man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear. Made in China.

Designed for the runner seeking support and structured cushioning for high-mileage training. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. Asymmetrical SpEva(TM) midsole, Impact Guidance System(TM) (I.G.S.) in rearfoot allows the foot to perform in a more natural manner, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, and DuoTruss(TM) System provides biomechanically balanced arch support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug and lateral rearfoot flex grooves for rearfoot stability and cushioning at initial heel strike.             Wt. 11.5 oz.

FootThrills Morgan

clint black leather 90

clint black leather 95

Nice price on Reebok Terra Mesa Athletic Shoes. SAVE BIG! Great all-purpose Shoes for strolls, to more intense climbs, to tossing the pigskin with pals. Synthetic and mesh uppers provide long-lasting, ventilated wear; Rubber outsoles for maximum traction; DMX foam midsole for impact absorption; Permanent nylon-lined insole keeps feet dry and comfortable; Padded tongue and collar; Rear pull-on loops for easy on / off. Each approx. 4 1/2"h., 14 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Men's Reebok Terra Mesa Athletic Shoes, Carbon / Navy

jumpp black fabric 75

Over the years, Acorn has designed and innovated to create the comfort classics America has grown to love. Today an expanded product line including Classic Comfort, Studio Comfort, Spa Comfort, and After Active provides customers with a lifestyle collection that fits their needs. Acorn has searched the world to provide footwear for today's lifestyle-- you can count on Acorn to still live by their commitment to provide Comfort on Earth one pair of feet at a time.	Soft on the inside, tough on the outside, the Acorn Women's Nomad II slip-on shoe is ideal for indoor and outdoor wear. The soft sheepskin is inviting for worn out feet after a busy day, while the rubber outsole and oiled nubuck leather upper allow for outdoor excursions to fetch the mail or drive the kids to school. These slip-on shoes also include a lightweight EVA midsole and removable footbed for maximum cushioning and comfort.

jumpp black fabric 70

Known for its great fit, the New Balance 878 running shoe is made for the mid-mileage neutral runner seeking a true cushioned trainer. SL-2 Last -Roomier Fit

Icon shoes and handbags are wearable, functional conversation pieces. Products range from shoes and handbags to makeup cases and wallets, all emblazoned with artistic images, both contemporary and classical -- think Andy Warhol's Campbell's Soup can, Norman Rockwell's Kellogg's cereal ads, Gauguin's Tahitian bathing beauties, Degas' dancers, the Art Nouveau imagery of Gustav Klimt, and more. All of them, Icons. Icon shoes, handbags, and accessories are crafted of the softest, most sumptuous, top-grain American leather and use an innovative, permanent printing process to bond images to leather. This revolutionary process creates exact replicas of fine art and insures that the images are intrinsic to the leather, and the art won't rub or wash off. What's more, the process makes it possible to print very limited editions of each Icon style or even one-of-a-kind products.

The Jess mule from LifeStride is casual chic at its best. The breezy style has a flexible fabric upper, a lovely squared toe, and a braided jute espadrille heel for slight height. It also features a fully cushioned insole, and a textured rubber outsole for soft, yet sure footing.	LifeStride makes these casual mules as comfortable as your favorite pair of jeans.         Soft woven fabric upper in a backless slip-on style.         Smooth lining and a lightly padded insole combine for all day comfort.         Open back for easy on/off.         Woven natural fiber covered espadrille wedge heel.         Flexible traction outsole.

This lightweight bag comes in fun printed canvas or soft sweatshirt fabric. Complete with built-in pockets and an inside zip compartment, this shoulder bag makes a great addition to any outfit.

Limited edition! Hip hops smoothest kicks yet. A tight, clean look for your off-court play. Make your move fast. Leather/synthetic upper with rubber outsole.

Hit the town or the sidewalk in this sporty lace-up sneaker made of smooth leather uppers for a crisp look. Designed for maximum walking comfort, this lightweight, casual shoe offers you a padded collar and tongue, a shock-absorbing cushioned insole and a durable non-slip outsole for added safety and flexibility. A perfect choice for low-impact walking or shopping, the practical Jumper will become your go-to shoe for comfort.	What's Your Spirit Level? Easy Spirit has made it easy to find the fitness shoe that matches your level of activity. Spirit Level 2 is for advanced walkers with medium intensity activities. Designed for aggressive walking, this leather walking shoe gives you the extra shock absorbency you require.  Leather upper  Moisture-wicking Spirit lining  Elon cushioned insole is removable  Light, flexible rubber traction sole  Fully padded

Full leather construction and easygoing appeal make this slip-on from Giorgio Brutini a go-to wardrobe staple. Its sporty rubber outsole cushions your every stride, while vamp goring and insole padding deliver unmatched comfort.	Giorgio Brutini...the enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand. Whether your tastes run to classic or to high fashion, Giorgio Brutini embodies the essence of urban sophistication. Style # 24578, Plain toe double gore slip-on with sheepskin. Rubber sole.

Hit the streets running in Fila's Original Fitness sneaker. With its old-school look, bold styling, and logo detailing, this comfortable style is ultra-cool. Everyone else will be left scrambling to pick up the fashion pace you've set.	A comfortable fitness sneaker that offers great support and comfort. Classically designed leather upper accents the Fila flag overlay. Abrasion resistant cup outsole encapsulates EVA to cushion the foot and provide a supremely comfortable footbed.

102817 Features

Carolina 4x4 ESD Steel Toe Slip On Shoes for a breezy, comfortable fit! A mesh lining keeps the air moving around your feet to keep them stay cool and dry. The DRYZ technology wicks away moisture while the rubber sole keeps you from slipping. A steel toe guards against unforeseen hazards. Features

The distinctive look of Florsheim's Lexington oxford is obvious, which makes it an excellent choice for business or dressy-casual events. What you may not be able to see is that it features leather sock and quarter linings for breathability, a fully padded footbed for comfort, and a rubber inset in the outsole for enhanced cushioning.	Enduring standards of this Lexington dress shoe is a hallmark to the collection. Durable leather upper maintains it's polished appearance through many invaluable occasions. The leather outsole with a TPR Island Flex Bar offers slip-resistance, flexibility and high abrasion resistance. Perfect for formal occasions and evenings that will impress her with your fashion veracity.

Sam Edelman shoes epitomize chic comfort. With exceptional materials and fine styling, each pair of Sam Edelman shoes is an affordable luxury that cleverly combines a youthful outlook with a worldly sensibility. Sophistication with down-to-earth appeal mean that these shoes are made to be lived in. Whether it's a classic revisited for a modern interpretation or a cutting edge design, Sam Edelman shoes always keep an emphasis on comfort.

Classic inspired style. Full-grain leather upper with rubber toe cap, injection-molded EVA midsole, Torsion(TM) System, non-marking herringbone rubber outsole.

The coolest slide around just got cooler! The adidas CC Slide 3 features a newly designed adjustable upper with increased breathability and a technically sophisticated look. 3-D molded adjustable upper. Air mesh lining for comfort and breathability. TPR outsole unit with mono mesh windows for maximum air circulation.

Call us shoe crazy, but time was when we would've swapped our whole allowance for a pair of these pink kitty rainboots. (Maybe we still would.) Waterproof uppers with easy pull-on handles have a soft moisture-absorbing cotton lining that dries quickly at the end of the day. Western Chief makes them bright and playful with a happy kitty face on the front and a big "meow" and curving tail along the side. This is definitely her go-to boot for rainy days and puddle splashing.	Call us shoe crazy, but time was when we would've swapped our whole allowance for this pink kitty rain boot. Waterproof uppers with easy pull-on handles have a soft moisture-absorbing cotton lining that dries quickly at the end of the day. Western Chief makes them bright and playful with a happy kitty face on the front and a big "meow" and curving tail along the side. This is definitely her go-to boot for rainy days and puddle splashing.

Work shoes with the comfort of a sneaker, protection when you need it - that's Converse Work.

Rubber Lug Outsole.

Bad to the bone. 100% waterproof Thorogood Commando 8" Duty Boots are ON SALE! Designed with law-enforcement officers in mind. These waterproof Boots are all day and all night comfortable, yet stand up to loads of punishment. Cushioned foot inserts reduce fatigue and absorb shock from running and jumping. And for big bucks off due to a style change, it's a crime not to buy them. To protect and to serve

You're loyal to your Birkenstocks for the comfort they offer, but it's time to trade up. The Gizeh features the same ahhh-eliciting sole with a simple, thong-strapped design that adds a fashionable new twist to a reliable favorite.	Gizeh's all-day comfort and up-to-date styling will take you around the globe. The contoured Birkenstock footbed provides comfort and stability, with a polyurethane sole to cushion every step. Quick as a wink, the Gizeh slips on and off for your convenience.

The Comfort Travel Shoe Tree for Women is ideal for the woman on the go. Made of durable plastic, this shoe tree is beautifully crafted with a maple marble color. Attached to the front section of the shoe tree is a gentle spring, which helps to keep your shoes in mint condition. This Comfort Travel Shoe Tree for Women is perfect for any shape of shoe. The ComfortTravel Shoe Tree for Women is available with a regular front section or a narrow pointed front section to accommodate High Heel Shoes, Pumps etc. Two different sizes and two different designs of the front section guarantee for perfect fit.

Pop in "Para Para Max US Mix 3" and watch the anime dance party get started as this 21 track CD remixes many popular anime titles into an intoxicating dance beat that s addictive and too hard to resist! 1. Don t Make Me Wild Like You (Ranma 1 2) 2. The Smile Bomb (Yu Yu Hakusho) 3. Dream Shift (Raijin Oh) 4. We Are (ONE PIECE) 5. Good Morning (HUNTER X HUNTER) 6. Good bye Tears (Ryu Knight) 7. Futuristic Superstar Idol (VS Knight Lamune & 40 Fire) 8. Hang in There Exercise! (Ganbaruga) 9. Life is just starting to Look Up Man (Genji Tsuushin Agedama) 10. It s all Wit and Courage! Medabots (Medabots) 11. I ll Give You Romance (Dragon Ball) 12. Rest for the Angel (Starship Girl Yamamoto Yohko) 13. CARNIVAL * BABEL (Blue Seed) 14. Twinkle Star (Miss Comet) 15. Keep on (Digimon Adventure) 16. voice (Duel Masters) 17. TRUTH (Shurato) 18. dis (Infinite Ryvius) 19. CENTURY COLOR (Turn A Gundam) 20. Love Destiny (Sister Princess) 21. Bonus Track

Field classics! Danner Frontier Boots... GORE-TEX waterproof / breathable. And Thinsulate Ultra Insulation for extreme warmth! How much do you dislike having cold feet? Well, that's how much you'll appreciate the warmth and comfort of Danner Frontier Boots. Standing or sitting in the stillness for hours, you'll stay nice and warm thanks to Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. More

Molded PVC.

These are the men's Sport Hog with full-grain leather upper. They also have an EVA midsole and an Everlon combination EVA and blown rubber outsole.

Soft full-grain leather upper with dual interlocking midfoot strapping system. Internal EVA wedge midsole with molded EVA sockliner. Compression-molded adiWEAR rubber outsole with notched cleats. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Step into a little Mischief with this elegant women's open toe pump. This sling-back comes in luscious crocodile-embossed leather with a dressy bow over the toe. With a sturdy covered heel, you'll love wearing this pump for the office or out on the town.	Launched in January 2004, the Charles by Charles David line is designed for the woman who demands fashion and style at an appealing price. The variety of styles -- pumps, kitten heels, evening sandals, wedges and boots -- make this a versatile line of shoes ideal for a casual weekend, a night out or a boardroom business meeting. Unique fabrications and constructions such as padded insoles and flex sole bottoms make them especially comfortable. Charles by Charles David is available in Charles David retail stores as well as select department and specialty stores nationwide.

The RYK The Rove is the walking shoe for the women looking for great looks and performance in an outdoor light hiker. With cushioning in the heel and forefoot, internal shank for stability, this shoe is perfect for the nearby trail or the true off-road. Full-grain leather and mesh upper offers lightweight, durability and comfort. Removable molded Nitracel sockliner delivers added cushioning and comfort.Internal credit card shank provides arch support and stability. Nitracel in heel and forefoot adds durable cushioning, rebound and shock absorption.

Open air mesh upper with synthetic leather overlays. CMEVA midsole, structured a3(TM) energy management technology provides cushioning, guidance and stability. Carbon rubber outsole. Weight 16.4 oz.

Ideal for day hikes and weekend adventures, the Timberland Men's White Ledge Boots are constructed from full-grain waterproof leather and seam-sealed for complete protection from raindrops and water crossings. These boots include a breathable footbed and multidirectional rubber lugs that help you brake, accelerate, and climb with ease. The padded collar and tongue keep your ankles comfortable and protected as you move.Waterproof full-grain leather upper for comfortPadded collar and tongue protects anklesBreathable EVA footbed offers comfortMultidirectional lugs provide traction Gusseted tongue relieves lace pressureWaterproof Leather Keeps Feet Dry The Timberland White Ledge Boots feature a seam-sealed full-grain leather upper that keep your feet dry and protected while hiking in wet or muddy conditions. The collar and tongue are padded for comfort.Breathable Footbed Wicks Away Moisture The boot's removable, dual density EVA footbed is perforated, allowing air to circulate and wick away moisture to keep feet cool and dry.B.S.F.P. System for Support and Traction This boot features Timberland's B.S.F.P. (Brake, Support, Flex, and Propel) system to provide you with excellent traction. A durable rubber outsole contains lugs that help you brake, accelerate, and climb with ease. Primary flex grooves behind the ball of the foot and secondary flex grooves in the toe area respond to your foot's natural stepping motion. A gusseted tongue relieves lace pressure and keeps trail debris out of your boot.About Timberland For three generations, Timberland has built a reputation for making rugged outdoor gear. In 1973, Timberland introduced their first waterproof leather boot, setting new standards for craftsmanship, durability, and protection for the outdoors. Timberland gear is built with a passion for the outdoors that is reflected in the company's commitment to the environment.What's in the Box Timberland Men's White Ledge Boots Trademark Information

Open weave mesh upper with Play Dry lining. CMEVA midsole and DMX foam. DMX Shear heel cushioning, footstrike management system. Blown rubber outsole with carbon rubber heel. Weight 10.2 oz.

A performance classic in running shoes. Breathable and comfortable mesh and synthetic upper with a compression-molded LightStrike(TM) EVA midsole for cushioning. Rearfoot adiPRENE maximizes heel protection and stability, adiPRENE+ in the forefoot maintains propulsion and efficiency, Torsion Support system creates stability and control. The carbon rubber outsole helps provide durability and traction.

Hand made in the Swedish tradition .Hand wet-lasted uppers nailed with stainless steel nails to a moisture absorbent alder wood bottom

5" Heel Open Toe Pump

We find this Briley crib shoe from Ralph Lauren absolutely irresistible! Sure this comfortable ballet flat is perfect for tender growing feet, but the oversize satin tie and regal script logo make this design as fashionable as it is functional.	Her first pair of dress shoes! These pretty crib shoes from the Polo by Ralph Lauren Layette collection start with shiny patent leather of soft satin fabric  in a mary jane style, with a rounded toe and an instep strap that ties in the middle with a cute ribbon. Soft all leather lining, with a leather insole. Soft suede "scuff" style outsole with an embroidered Ralph Lauren logo. Comes in a terrific reusable gift box.

Be ready for some serious attention this summer when you set out wearing the Jasp espadrille sandal from Jessica Simpson. This flirty sandal has a striped canvas upper, a feminine heel sling with a nautical-inspired rope ankle strap, and a braided jute wedge and platform. What's more, the soft leather linings and fully cushioned insole will provide you with a cool and casual comfort, while the textured outsole will give a fun and flirty solid step. The Jasp pairs perfect with anything from capris, to skirts, to sassy little summer dresses!	The Jasp is all wrapped up in style. 	Striped fabric upper. 	Almond toe. 	Rope ankle wrap adds some flair. 	Espadrille covered wedge. 	Lightly padded insole. 	Rubber sole. 	Made in Brazil. 	4" heel.

Men's responsive stability trainer for runners who demand the ultimate blend of cushioning and stability.

Stride Rite's Jillian mary jane shoes for toddler girls brings an updated classic to her busy, little feet. Featuring exposed stitching on the smooth leather uppers, a simple and secure velcro strap closure across the vamps and a chicly-styled molded rubber out-sole, these mary janes will keep her little feet looking as good as they feel.	Stride Rite designs and engineers footwear specifically to meet the needs of growing children. Stride Rite's mission is to encourage kids and support parents by developing and marketing products that help children embrace life's possibilities and adventures with confidence. Stride Rite shoes aren't like any other shoes you'll buy. They're better. With more than 85 years of experience, they've learned a few things about their craft. Stride Rite is the one company that's been helping kids run, jump, leap, grow, and playfully express themselves since 1919.

Take a walk on the wild side in this comfy, waterproof boot  built rugged to withstand the elements. Premium leather upper provides comfort, durability and abrasion resistance. Waterproof and insulated construction keep feet dry, warm and comfortable at all times. Rustproof hardware to withstand elements.

In 1917, All Star sneaker gave the world a blank canvas. At first it played basketball and then Rock and Roll snd then everything else. It went along with athletes and artists, experimenters, rebels, visionaries and now, even after everything it's been, it remains anything you want.

***White/Columbia/Ice will not be available to ship until the middle of February.*** Soft, full-grain leather upper with raised embroidered I3 logo provides comfort and support, molded EVA sockliner and molded midsole add cushioning, rubber outsole with herringbone pattern offers traction and durability. Wt. 14.3 oz.

A must have for any aspiring ship captains or pirate pillagers. These Black Buccaneer boots for children will make whatever costume to match it up with look fashionable and authentic. These boots lace up in the back and feature and stylish fold on the top.

jumpp bon/bge fabric 75

Get Double H's "do-it-all" black Work Westerns at BIG SAVINGS! Talk about versatile. You can take this smooth leather Work Western off the farm and wear it to a Country Western concert or jump on your motorcycle for a Sunday afternoon ride. You can also take advantage of my volume-negotiating power and skip the in-store price. Built with all the quality and construction details that have made Double H a top choice in western boots since 1955. Details

Sebago's Sherman will bring a classic feel to any outfit. Rich leather or suede dresses up this silhouette with sophistication while padded linings and a grippy rubber sole offer comfort with every step.	Men's Sebago Sherman Loafers Get a classic look and comfortable fit with these Sebago Sherman Loafers

jumpp bon/bge fabric 70

The RYK Intensity XT is a versatile cross trainer with full foot cushioning, shock absorption and a wide base of support. Leather and mesh upper provides breathable comfort and support. Forefoot and rearfoot cushioning cartridge adds durable cushioning, rebound and shock absorption. Rearfoot RYKA Engage offers additional rearfoot cushioning. Midfoot TPU shank delivers arch support and stability. Removable molded Nitracel sockliner gives added cushioning and comfort. Wt. 10.6 oz.

All leather loafer.	 	 Moc toe with contrast stitching.	 	 Rubber bottom.	 	 Fully cushioned footbed.	 	 Leather lined.	 	 Padded collar.

For simple and classic summer style, stick with the Slim flip flop from Havaianas. This perfect flip flop has a molded thin rubber upper with a Havaianas logo, a shock absorbing midsole, and a durable rubber outsole for premium footing. Hit the beach in style this summer with the Slim.	The Kokeshi features Japanese style dolls in fun colors. The strap features a fun, matching embellishment.

In 1881 Daniel Green, a young traveling shoe salesman for the Wallace Elliott Company in New York City, visited Dolgeville, New York. Daniel was shown a pair of felt shoes fashioned from waste pieces of piano felt which had been made in the Dolgeville Felt Mill. Daniel Green noticed that these felt shoes were worn by many factory workers to keep their feet warm and comfortable on the cold factory stone floors, and thus a legend in footwear was born.	Women's Daniel Green Boulder Slippers... cute and comfortable as they come! A winter bootie to keep your feet very snug and warm! Fact is, these are so deep-down comfortable, you may not want to take them off any time soon! Just looking at them warms you up, and think how good they're sure to feel on your tootsies! Daniel Green quality is priced right as you've come to expect here at Bargain Outfitters! Cozy features galore

The AQx Sports Aquatic Training Shoe "ATS" is great for fitness, cross-training, rehab and recovery. It was designed to make deep-water running feel more like land-based running and also works extremely well for shallow water activities. Resistance is 2-3 times depending on your velocity. Designed based on the principle of "specificity of training"...that the deep water running movement pattern needs to be closely aligned with a land-based running style to maximize the benefit to the runner. AQx Features

The All Star sneaker was first created in 1917. It got a signature patch in 1934. In '57 it got low, and 13 years after that it came in 7 new colors. After all this time and all this change, it's still the familiar made new--again and again and again. New takes on the classic sneaker.

Sesto Meucci has the latest silhouettes, colors, and textures made in Italy and Spain by the finest Italian technicians. Their reputation for fit and comfort has been well known and uncompromised for 30 years.

Synthetic leather and mesh upper. Full-length EVA midsole, carbon rubber outsole. Weight 7.5 oz.

Built with N-ergy V 2.0 system midsole technology and a full footbed of ABZORB SBS for the mild-to-moderate overpronator. A synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support. The lightweight C-Cap CMEVA midsole with ABZORB SBS in the forefoot adds exceptional shock absorption, N-ergy V 2.0 System brings superior durability, cushioning and stability. A solid rubber outsole brings a lightweight cushioned ride. Weight 14.2 oz.

The New Balance 890 is an innovative, cushioned running shoe that combines a fast, clean upper design with ABZORB EX technology under the foot for a dynamic running experience. ABZORB EX technology in heel provides superior cushioning, stability and durability. ABZORB in forefoot offers exceptional shock absorption. C-Cap midsole lends cushioning and flexibility. N-Lock technology enhances midfoot support. N-durance outsole delivers maximum durability in high-wear areas. Reflective detail on outsole for safety. Wt. 13.1 oz.

Bursting onto the running scene in the early '70s, the adidas Dragon quickly became one of adidas' most popular designs. Its timeless sleek silhouette inspired fresh color re-works and an updated version that features a nylon upper with suede overlays and an aggressive turf-training outsole for dependable indoor and outdoor traction.

Man-made upper, Silver toe rand

Zippy Converse Steel Toe Athletics, PRICED LOW! Bargain! Seems a style change means BIG bucks off! Nubuck and mesh uppers for breathability; Grippy, rubber, multi-directional outsole; Cushioning EVA midsole; Removable, mesh-lined, dual-density, padded insole for comfort; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; Padded tongue / collar; 3/4-gussetted tongue locks out debris; Synthetic toe bumper extends wear; ANSI 75 rated steel toe; Each is approx. 4 1/2"h., 22 ozs. State Width

Hit the streets in style with this fashion sneaker from Fox. The Featherlite draws attention with a stylish synthetic upper with mesh panels for greater air flow and flexibility. Beneath, a grippy rubber sole makes short work of any terrain, making this one go-to sneaker this season.	The Fox Featherlite shoes are a high performance training shoe that is lightweight and flexible. The Featherlite has an asymmetrical structure, a foam heel that absorbs and disperses energy, and a mid-foot tendon arch support. The Fox brand is the most recognized and best selling brand of motocross apparel in the world today. Fox Co. built its business by developing clothing for the high intensity, physically demanding motorsport of motocross and this holds true of their casual clothing line. We at Surf and Dirt stock the latest styles of Fox including tee shirts, hats, decals, wallets and much more.

Nina Kids brand equity, derived from a long history of designing shoes in New York for over 55 years, enables parents to recognize a dependable friend. The substantial depth of the Nina Kids brand  spanning every possible occasion  highlights the exceptional styling and fashion-right footwear of the collection. Yet it is the quality materials and dedication to perfect fit, pair after pair, year after year, that forms the strongest partnership between parents and Nina Kids. That perfect bow detail  that cutest pink jelly sandal  that faux fur pom-pom bootie Nina Kids is the brand little girls love. Winning parents trust and making little girls happyThats Nina Kids.

Full of funky, vintage-inspired appeal, the Indie from Sam Edelman is a true original.The smooth and shiny patent leather or natural canvas fabric upper, cute rounded open toe, and crisscross front straps make this a glamorous alternative to the traditional slingback. As easy to wear as it is fashionable, the Indie has a heel sling strap with adjustable buckle and hidden elastic panel for secure, all-day wear and a cushioned insole with heel pad for added comfort.	Dress up any look with Indie.

Deer Stags has been making shoes comfortable since 1929. Recognized for their patented S.U.P.R.O. Technology and slip-lasted construction, Deer Stags has become a leader of comfort footwear for men, women, and children. From casual to dress and classic to trendy, they design a broad range of styles for every individual and every occasion.	Gleaming Deer Stags Clift Moc Toes, PRICED LESS! Ideal for dress, semi-dress and casual wear! All the bases are covered with these grand slammers by renowned Deer Stags. Style changes mean BIG BUCKS OFF! High-shine leather uppers for style; Top-traction rubber outsole; Internal EVA heel cushion for comfort; Removable, polyester-lined, multi-density insole for more comfort; Synthetic leather lining for added comfort; Each approx. 4"h., 17 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Order Up! Men's Deer Stags Clift Moc Toes, Black

The Merrell Spire Emme is the all-day comfort a working woman needs. Cushioning and all-day energy comes from the Air Cushion EVA midsole. This women's mary jane features a full grain leather upper with an adjustable vamp band for a charming look and custom fit. A mesh lining with Aegis antimicrobial treatment provides breathability. The anatomical, antimicrobial footbed supplies cushioning and support. This Merrell mary jane is finished with a Spire sticky rubber outsole that delivers flexibility and absorbs step shock. Make the best of your work day with the Merrell Spire Emme!

Bostonian's Tuscana oxford was made with the contemporary office in mind. The classic cap-toe is made sportier with a thick rubber sole, and comfort-enhancing padded collar. First-Flex technology eliminates any break-in period and provides a custom-made feel.	The Bostonian Tuscana cap-toe oxford is built for walking, working, and forlooking wonderful all hours of the day and night. This men's oxford comes in versatile colors tocomplement all your outfits from downright informal to business casual. ThisBostonian dress toe cap oxford is the ultimate in comfort. Equipped with Bostonian'sFirst/Flex advantage, this oxford allows men to reap the full benefits of astylish dress shoe that's inherently comfortable. Make the smart choice every time with the Bostonian Tuscana!

The Eastland Johnson oxford is as comfortable on the inside as it is tough on the outside, making it an ideal shoe for handling all your weekend activities. This casual, practical shoe has a soft leather upper and pillow-sock insoles for extra cushioning, plus a flexible, skid-resistant rubber outsole and Opanka stitch-to-sole construction with cemented heels.	Men's Eastland Johnson Oxfords These Eastland Johnson Oxfords boast a unique contemporary styling with classic comfort and quality

The answer to sky running, the Go-Lite Sun Dragon provides maximum performance and protection in their lightest weight trail shoe.

Pink is one of the hottest colors around. This cool color comes with the classic Chuck Taylor design that has not changed in years. It is created with a canvas upper, rubber sole just for your comfort.

The iconic Sundance II features exposed sheepskin and is unmistakably UGG Australia. This boot is extremely comfortable, made with the finest Twinface sheepskin and features a removable/replaceable genuine sheepskin insole. The Sundance II has reinforced suede heel and toe guards for increased durability, as well as a rubber lugged outsole for extra traction and slip resistance. The iconic womens UGG Sundance II features exposed sheepskin and is unmistakably UGG Australia. This boot is extremely comfortable, made with the finest Twinface sheepskin and features a removable/replaceable genuine sheepskin insole. The Sundance II has reinforced suede heel and toe guards for increased durability, as well as a rubber lugged outsole for extra traction and slip resistance. This style tends to run a size large. We recommend ordering a size smaller from your typical shoe size. If you are inbetween sizes, we recommend ordering onehalf size down.

DO NOT pay more for Dress Boots! Stacy Adams Side-zip Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! Sharp-looking, genuine leather Side-zip Boots. A refined, dressy look that's durable, too. Get 'em now and save cash! Details

The Romy sneaker from Easy Spirit will keep an easy everyday style all wrapped up   into a comfortable shoe that will keep you protected in your busy lifestyle. Its thickly   padded lining and insole will give you full support whether you're hitting the gym or just   going grocery shopping. And with its flexible rubber sole with lots of traction, treading   on any surface will be a breeze.	This great Level 1 sneaker is perfect for light walking and leisure activities.Leather upper is breathable and molds to your feet for added comfort. Classic laceup design ensures an adjustable and personalized fit. Removable, padded sockliner helps provides cushioning and shock absorption. Lightweight rubber outsole ensures a durable finish. 9.00 oz.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	221040CAZ__16 Features

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Look, no laces! Slide your feet in these Rockport Beckinton Penny Loafer Slip-ons for classic looks and ultra comfort. Legendary in-step excellence! Forget tedious lacing. Simply slide your feet in and you're first out the door. Same goes when you come home. Just slip these Shoes off in a micro-second without a hassle. Fast. Easy. And they always look sharp as a tack for dress, semi-dress or even casual wear. Sorry, penny not included. Of course, it makes good "cents" to live the Penny Loafer legacy of slip-on comfort! Take a gander at the sweet details

Georgia Safety Toe Hikers. The comfort / protection combo you want. SAVE BIG! Whether you're working hard at your construction site in Little Falls, Minn., or enjoying a beautiful summer hike along the rugged peaks of Steamboat Springs, Col., these Hikers are just the ticket

Created with the help of two career Army officers from Fort Lewis, Washington, the Fort Lewis is the standard that other military boots attempt to live up to. FORSCOM- approved they are loaded with all of the features that the consummate foot soldier needs.

Rugged Kodiak Safety Toe Hikers are BIG BUCKS OFF! Style and safety! Since 1912, Kodiak has made nothing but top-shelf boots from grade-A materials. These Safety Toe Hikers are no exception. In addition to their quality craftsmanship and long-wearing comfort, their non-metallic Rockfibre crush protection offers all of the security of steel with none of the weight. Tackle the trails in safety, style and big SAVINGS! Protect 'em

Engineered for competitive trail and adventure runners, La Sportiva's Exum Ridge represents the pinnacle of durable performance for discriminating racers. All facets of this lightweight and highly durable off-road shoe are specialized for moving ahead at the fastest speeds possible. The lightweight synthetic leather and mesh upper repels light water and precipitation, but large flex windows give the upper astounding flex and allow for fast draining when immersed in water. A sophisticated multi-component suspension balances RockShock cushioning to decrease pronation with firm MEMlex for medial support. At the bottom is La Sportiva's proven FriXion Black Dot Rubber sole with trail tread for optimal grip on a range of steep surfaces.

Men's Florsheim Steel Toe Wing Tip Dress Oxfords. Don't judge a book... or a shoe... by its cover! These Florsheim Steel Toe Wing Tip Dress Oxfords are not only built to keep you comfortable and looking great, they're built to protect you as well! Excellent slip, oil, abrasion, metal chips, heat, electrical hazard and chemical resistance means these Steel Toe Wing Tip Dress Oxfords can go anywhere. Their classy look and built-in foot protection make them ideal for architects checking out a construction site. More details

Product Description Robeez...... caring about first steps Each pair of Robeez is handcrafted with care and designed to help baby's feet grow strong and health. Pediatricians recommended soft-soled footwear for your baby's formative years ... footwear like Robeez. Secure - Slip them on and they stay on. Skid-resistant - The textured suede sole prevents slipping. Durable -- Leather construction stands up to the toughest toddlers. Comfortable -- The quality leather is soft and comfy, heel to toe. Versatile -- Great for indoor or light outdoor use. How to wash you Robeez -- Keep your Robeez looking fresh and bright by machine washing periodically. Wash separately in cold water, as dark colours may bleed. Partially dry your Robeez on a low setting in the dryer, then reshape and let air-dry completely. For regular upkeep and extended wear, hand wash with mild detergent. For spot cleaning, use mild detergent and a damp cloth.

Combination leather/sheepskin design gives these multi-purpose moccasins a rich, classic look. Fully lined with 100% premium sheepskin which wicks moisture away. Naturally thermostatic, sheepskin maintains body temperature in warm or cold climates. Moccasin outsole constructed with compression molded rubber for better grip. EVA blend dropped into outsole cavity for comfort and increased flexibility. UGG logo design on outsole reinforces authentic branding. Although this shoe is sold as a slipper, its comfort and style makes it a favorite for guys to wear out to dinner, a movie or any casual atmosphere.

With nearly 80 years in the business and hundreds of points of distribution in the U.S., Cole Haan is one of America's premier luxury brands. Founded in 1928 as a collaboration between Trafton Cole and Eddie Haan, Cole Haan epitomized artisan quality and impeccable craftsmanship during a time when style was everything. Originally, Cole Haan was a men's footwear label that captured the essence of the 20s spirit with beautifully-designed and well-made shoes for the dapper gentleman. Today, Cole Haan brings that heritage to all of its products, including men's and women's dress and casual footwear, belts, hosiery, handbags, small leather goods, outerwear and sunglasses.	The men's Cole Haan 'Pinch Tassel' is an American classic that every man should have in his closet. The upper is handantiqued brushoff leather. Genuine handsewn on the last moccasin construction for a supreme fit and feel. Fully leather lined for the ultimate in comfort. Leather sole with combination stack leather heel.

As its name suggests, this comfy thong sandal from Sanuk is perfect for kicking back and enjoying your beverage of choice. Comfort doesn't get better than the Beer Cozy, constructed with a flexible synthetic upper, soft jersey lining and "no-rub" toe post. Made from a real yoga mat, the textured insole is extra-thick and cushy and conforms to the shape of your foot for a custom-fit feel every time.	We give you the most comfortable sandal on the market, the Sanuk Beer Cozy. This men's flip flop features padded synthetic straps for all-day wear. A super-comfy cushioned footbed feels like your beer cozy. This Sanuk sandal also has a non-slip grip that maintains shape after wearing. Keep cool and comfortable in the Sanuk Beer Cozy.

All natural, hand-crafted ZXT ozone and tear resistant rubber

Bostonian has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Bostonian gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	The sleek Helios' slip-on is designed to keep you looking and feeling your best.  Traditional, low-maintenance leather upper offers long-lasting, breathable wear.  Leather glove and tongue lining helps wick away moisture and absorb odor.  Full length, leather-covered EVA insole with heel cup for comfort and shock absorption.  Rigid heel counter and steel shank provide added stability and support.  Combination oak-tanned leather and rubber outsole for durability and stopping power.  Cement construction, in which the upper is adhered to the outsole with a bonding agent, creates lightweight flexibility without twisting.  16.00 oz.

GRANE is the new fresh image for the Junior Market.  GRANE makes a statement with fresh, young , and hip styles using fun materials.

Complete Care For Your Desert Boots, great for military issue boots.

Includes one pair of white boots.

Dancers know that a sharp focus is essential to a flawless performance--which is why we adore this women's Super jazz shoe by Bloch. Reliable in every way so you can focus on what's important, the soft leather shoe sports a pull-on elasticized instep panel, traction rubber split sole and utterly freeform profile that fits like a glove. Gently lined to protect your heel from rubbing and chafing, it's one smart step on your way to Broadway.	Bloch split sole slip-on jazz shoe features a full leather upper with elastic top insert, rubber sole, cotton lining and a strong heel counter. Medium width.

#102003  Score with high tech DuoFlex in the v5.06 Boot from Puma

This casual moc toe oxford features a leather upper and a non-marking outsole.

Ridge AIR-TAC Mid-zipper Tactical Boots are shorter in height, but tall on performance. Wearers wanted. These top-notch Boots are just begging to get out of the box and put on the miles. All the comfort, toughness and peak performance is rolled into these awesome Ridge renegades. When the action heats up, you can respond with an edge. Yes, they're lightweight. Each is approx. 19 ozs. for turbo-charged zip. Details galore

Boost their practice skills with this practical dance sneaker from Bloch. Made with a lightweight mesh upper, the shoe is super comfortable and breathable. The split sole allows for maximum flexibility while the lace-up front secures the perfect fit.	Founded in Sydney, in 1932 by Jacob Bloch, Bloch is a pioneer in the technical dance market. Since its inception, the renowned footwear brand has produced handmade pointe shoes for esteemed ballet dancers worldwide. Bloch recently entered an exciting new period of innovation and fashion design with the creation of mainstream footwear, following the demands by current customers to create street-ready shoes.

The Converse Wade Signature LE basketball shoe is Dwyane Wade's signature shoe that he wore in the World Basketball Championships. Full-grain leather upper with mesh tongue for breathability. Embossed "Croc" synthetic leather forefoot. Internal Neoprene bootie construction supports the foot and provides added comfort. Double lasted construction provides low-to-the-ground control. Injection molded pieces in the shank add support. Removable CMEVA innersole gives cushion. All elements of Foot Strike Management (outrigger on the lateral side, rounded outsole on medial side, flex grooves throughout outsole area). Wt. 14.6 oz. ****For team pricing, please call 1-800-841-5748****

Soft, full-grain tumbled leather upper with breathable 3-stripe perforations.  Lightweight molded EVA midsole.  6mm insole for cushioning and comfort.  Excellent traction with improved dimple bottom construction.  10.7 oz.

Straightforward, simple styling is the hallmark of this popular leather oxford. The Park Avenue adds just a bit of luxurious comfort to its workaday silhouette with its cork footbed, which conforms to the shape of your foot over the life of the shoe.	Whether it's the timeless architecture of New York's dramatic Chrysler Building or the boundless utility of a Swiss Army Knife, you just can't improve upon some ideas. For that same reason we celebrated the 30th Anniversary of the sleek design of our Park Avenue in 2010, continually one of Allen Edmonds' best sellers and the Inauguration Day footwear choice for Presidents Reagan, H.W. Bush, Clinton and G.W. Bush. Guaranteed to make a dramatic impression, this cap-toe balmoral combines a classic silhouette with unsurpassed craftsmanship to convey the serious presence necessary for anyone who leads by example and ensures the Park Avenue will perfectly suit all the most important moments in your life.

Hike. Scramble. Run. Walk. Merrell has stretched the limits of what one shoe can do. Waterproof and breathable GORE-TEX gasket construction and GORE-TEX XCR lining keep your feet dry when it's wet, cool when it's warm, and warm when it's cool. These shoes provide extreme comfort and inspire envy. A four-way stretch collar of Lycra, neoprene, breathable mesh plus elastic lacing makes for the perfect fit, with easy on and off.

5" Heel Clear Mule

Carolina 4x4 ESD Sport Mid Hikers. Make your own road! These 4x4s are great for indoors and out. They're inspired by athletic and European designs. Protects against slipping, oil, metal chips, heat, abrasions and chemicals. Electrostatic dissipative technology actually sends positively charged ions into the ground, thereby eliminating static electricity. That means you can work safely around sensitive electronic equipment, and you won't get any static shocks. Even more... they're loaded with the newest comfort components

#98001  UPPER

Magnum M6 Steel Toe Hikers. Now, BIG BUCKS OFF! Get ANSI 75 rated steel toe protection right here. These Hikers are ideal for the warehouse, jobsite, as well as the trail. Soon to become your favorites, especially at big bucks off, due to a factory overstock! Looky

101654BKR95 Features

Mix some sleek style in with your spreadsheets with this office-ready offering from Trotters, the Jenn. This understated loafer in leather boasts easy job-friendly style that works from 9 to 5 with ease. A grippy sole grants you falter-free footwork when climbing that corporate ladder in Trotters.	From its very beginning in 1935, Trotters has been dedicated to creating high-quality women's footwear with appealing looks and exceptional comfort. The unique comfort of Trotters begins with a careful choice of materials

Exquisite Clear Heel Sandals for Girls!  Perfect for Pageants, Flower Girls or Easter Sunday!

Avenger Safety Footwear's approach is to offer some of the most advanced manufacturing techniques with traditional styling, quality materials, and the highest safety standards. Using direct attach TPU/PU and Vibram brand and rubber outsoles with some of the most flexible and tough combinations in the industry, Avenger Safety Footwear gives today's consumers the safety and comfort they demand.  Our customers come from a wide array of industrial workplaces, such as warehouses, construction sites, chemical plants, distribution facilites, airports, manufacturing plants, shipping facilities, assembly lines, and more. We have a specific product for just about any condition in your workplace. The Avenger Safety Footwear line comes directly from requests from our loyal customers, who love our ergonomic comfort and fresh styling.  Our safety footwear is one of the highest-rated product lines on the market. We're so confident in the strength of our boots and shoes that we have them routinely tested by an independent laboratory. We are serious about changing the way you think about work boots and shoes. If you want top-rated safety footwear that also looks and feels great, Avenger is your brand.

Abas' products present dynamic seasonal color pallets, in the finest European leathers, blended into contemporary designs. Style, material quality and diversity of product is further enhanced by a dedication to utility. Abas enjoys loyal and prestigious appointments at the world's leading department stores and select boutiques and specialty stores throughout the United States.

Sold as a pair. Fits all Sidi road shoes with Millenium Soles..

New Balance, is dedicated to helping athletes achieve their goals. It's been their mission for more than a century. It's why they don't spend money on celebrity endorsements. They spend it on research and development. It's why they don't design products to fit an image. They design them to fit. New Balance is driven to make the finest shoes for the same reason athletes lace them up

You'll get both premium style and superior comfort with the Susa oxford from Belvedere. This ultra-suave has a genuine crocodile skin upper with genuine ostrich trimming, three eyelet lace up closure, a tapered round toe, and a soft leather lined cushioned insole. Nothing says refined style more than the Susa. Protective bag included for storage. Handmade in Mexico.	Susa is a flashy genuine crocodile oxford with ostrich trim, three eyelet lacing, and stitching details.

Built to meet the demands of on and off road running.  Synthetic leather/ mesh upper, heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, midfoot Trusstic System for midfoot support on uneven surfaces, DuoMax medial post helps reduce the rate of pronation, rubber studded outsole for durability and traction. Wt. 10.5 oz.

HOBO INTERNATIONAL recognizes the challenges that women face. They know we work hard and make a difference every day, and that's why they have been helping women carry on in style since 1990. Their collections of handbags, personal accessories, travel gear and carry-wear offer solutions to the challenges of everyday voyages. From exclusive durafiber to quality leathers and unique fabrics, HOBO combines innovative, quality materials in real designs to meet the demands of life. Designed by women, they understand what it takes to get there -- all their products have unique details that make the journey easier.  Organizational pockets, security zippers, sturdy straps, functional spaces and lightweight materials are all features that make HOBO products distinctive and versatile. Confident styling, edgy attitude, quality construction and practical features are the hallmarks of HOBO designs.

Take on your shift in stride with Skechers Energy-Sector sneaker.  This casual athletic lace-up style boasts abrasion-resistant toe and heel overlays as well as a slip-resistant rubber outsole. A lightweight design including a padded tongue and collar, cushioned removable insole and shock-absorbing midsole keeps you going hours on end.	Maintain active performance in your workplace with the Energy - Sector sneaker from Skechers. The rubber outsole meets standards for slip and oil resistance. Full grain leather is durable, standing up to the rigors of your day.

Designed to bring a smile to your little puddle jumper's face, the Cowboy umbrella from Western Chief lets your child play all day in the rain. Made with durable nylon and sporting a fun buckin' bronco and horseshoe design, this umbrella keeps kids warm and dry, no matter how wet the weather. To complete the look, pair this umbrella with the matching rain coat and boots.	Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids family of children's shoes and accessories are built to outfit your little ones from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child can now wear Western Chief's array of products in any kind of weather. They even have slippers, so kids can wear their favorite characters indoors!

Genuine Leather with Adjustable Straps. Great casual or dress shoe.

SoftSpots refreshes the classic huarache with incredibly soft cushioning and sophisticated style. The heat-sensitive Pillow Top memory foam footbed of this SoftSpots sandal molds around your feet like a cushy cocoon, returning to its original shape after wear. Feel light on your feet in a polyurethane outsole that flexes and absorbs shock, eliminating soreness and fatigue. A leather upper with woven straps comfortably criss-crosses your feet. The steel shank and low wedge add stability.

The adorable bunny slippers made with snuggly white cuddle fur. It features white knit lining and a sweet pink bunny nose. The slippers are machine wash cold and tumble dry NO heat. This fits babies between 0 to 6 months.	Adorable bunny slippers made with snuggly white cuddle fur.

liner fuschia leather 60

Step into pure COMFORT. Patented Dr. Martens Chukkas are foot pampering like no other. PRICED LESS! Incredible comfort! Seems Docs are in a whole different league when it comes to providing out-of-the-box foot luxury. Patented, air-injected AirWair Bouncing Soles transfer energy back to your feet... literally putting the ol' bounce back in your step. No wonder people around the world insist on Dr. Martens brand. Right now, a excess inventory kicks the usual price down BIG! Hipsters

liner fuschia leather 65

The durable Iron Clad boot from Rocky is about as tough as you can get. Its sturdy construction and waterproof leather upper will keep you dry as you work and completely in comfort with its padded collar and cushioned footbed. Its fully tractioned sole will guarantee a steady step with its seven layer slip and oil-resistant IronClad outsole so that you can rest assured to get the job done.	This hardy 6 inch work boot is full of character and is ideal for the working man who wants rugged style along with the necessary safety benefits

Designed for the runner seeking a combination of motion control and cushioning. Mesh and synthetic leather upper with sthytherm heel counter and 3M reflective material, full slip lasted. Dual-density compression-molded EVA midsole, TRB shank, medial midsole post, visible rearfoot G.R.I.D. System. XT-600 Triangular Lug outsole. Wt.12.8 oz.

iglou brown suede 60

Inspired by a city made for touring, Clarks' Portland Oxford is truly a shoe fit for the occasion. This shoe features flexible Strobel construction, supple full grain or nubuck leather uppers that don't bind or require break-in, and a lightweight EVA molded insole. A fully-padded tongue and collar and a soft Ortholite footbed ensure all-day comfort. About Clarks' Casual Collection From hip to traditional, Clarks offers a diverse collection of casual styles designed to appeal to an equally diverse range of consumers. Suited for your active lifestyle, this collection features handcrafted quality, long-lasting durability, and unmatched comfort. About Clarks Now one of the largest footwear companies in the world, Clarks England is also one of the oldest. From its humble beginnings in 1825, in the tiny English village of Street, Somerset, to a global company that manufactures and markets close to 35 million pairs of shoes a year, Clarks' commitment to comfort, quality, authenticity and individual style has remained unchanged. A pioneer in the concept of comfort footwear, Clarks has repeatedly revolutionized the footwear industry with its ongoing product innovations. Today, that long-standing heritage of innovation still guides us as we create product collections that are broader and more diverse than ever before. From careerwear to weekend wear, Clarks now provides men and women with comfortable, stylish footwear for nearly every occasion in their active lives.	Lace into the good looks of the Clarks Portland. Set in a supple full grain or nubuck leather upper, this men's shoe features whip stitching detail along the to for a look that is stylish and unique. This Clarks shoe has a lightweight molded EVA insole and a fully padded tongue and collar for comfort. The Ortholite footbed cushions your ride in this sharp men's oxford and Strobel construction makes for a flexible shoe. You'll love the Clarks Portland.

These Clear Platforms with Cone Heel are the latest craze, pictured in many of Sexy Costume pictures and are perfect for Cinderella and Fairy Tale Themes too!

Jack Purcell Slip EV	Black- 1Y233 or White- 1Y234		All the attitude of Jack Purcell minus the laces. A modern interpretation of the original shoe modified for comfort, style and amazement. Features the telltale SmileTM toe and the legendary Jack Purcell Signature. Comforting cushioned collar lining along with elasticized tongue sides. Class and style.		Size displayed is Men's Sizing. Women for correct fit size DOWN 1.5 Sizes

The Pump technology featured on the Reebok NFL Down & Out football shoe provides customized fit, support, comfort and protection. The synthetic leather upper is lightweight and comfortable and requires little break-in. Laceless construction with flexible TPU lace cover adds ease of entry and use. Gryptonite anti-slip inner heel coating offers excellent heel locking. An external heel counter gives comfort and support. Glove-like booty tongue construction. Soft textile collar lining with thick foam padding. The NFL lining package helps prevent stretching. NFL Equipment molded EVA sockliner with ETC top cover and Poron inserts helps reduce friction/heat build up. Molded TPU plate with detachable seven-studs for better traction on grass and field turf. Wt. 16.2 oz.

Opens to full organizer with coin pocket, credit card slots, pen cell phone holders, multiple inside zip pockets, inside flap zip-pocket, and outside zip-pocket. Two main separate compartment with large zip-pocket divider. Adjustable shoulder strap.

This classic stays true to the simplicity of tennis. Soft leather surrounds an inner foam liner to create a comfortable, durable, and versatile shoe.	Reebok was founded for one of the best reasons possible

Strap that cute little fat foot into the Modern Basics' baby slipper. The simple and expressive frog design is embroidered onto soft and durable sky blue canvas. A soft terry cloth interior and cross-over strap with Velro create and snug fit for wiggly feet.  The textured rubber sole is flexible and perfect for inside or outside.  Artful packaging also makes these fresh and fun shoes the perfect gift for the little one. 70% cotton 30% Polyester canvas upper. 100% Polyester terry cloth interior. Indigo design on sky blue canvas. Machine wash/dry.  Gift packaging included.  Imported.  Fits 6-12 Months. 4.7 Inches long.	SLFG-BUS Color

Straight from the Etnies skate closet comes the Etnies Callicut skate shoe. 400 NBS rubber outsole provides traction and board control. Suede, soft action or synthetic leather upper is strong and versatile. Elastic tongue-centering straps add stability. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning with removable arch support for a custom fit. Padded tongue and collar lend additional comfort and cushioning. Features the trademark Etnies light up, blinking "E" logo.

Waterproof Women's Sporto Quinn Pull-On Boots. Keep your feet dry in style with these Sporto Quinn Pull-On Boots

Tehama footwear exceeds expectations for function and comfort with shoes that offer fashion and value -- all designed in-step with today's lifestyles. The focus is on timeless designs with an emphasis on a twist of character. Tehama offers shoes that are the right choice for the beach, the course or the mountains, and for dining afterward.

The adidas Pulsado 2 TRX FG J features the styling of the world's top soccer shoe. Synthetic leather upper with synthetic lining provides comfort and soft feel. EVA insole adds comfort. Traxion FG outsole offers maximum grip and agility on firm natural surfaces. Wt. 7.4 oz.

When taking on the alleyways and powder fields after a 5 day storm there's nothing like the warm digit assurance of a shearling boot. Featuring Twinface sheepskin with suede toe and heel protective guards, the cold weather Women's UGG Ultimate Short Boots efficiently wick moisture to keep your feet dry, comfortable and toasty throughout your outdoor endeavors. Its molded rubber outsole offers durable traction, while a removable/replaceable sheepskin insole provides extra foot cushioning and lasting versatility. Enjoy the winter wonderland in style and intent with the UGG Women's Ultimate Short Boots.

Women's dress casual loafer by Franco Sarto. Great style for work and going out after work! Has soft leather upper and rubber sole for comfort and durability. Item #108218

111217 Features

As its name implies, this slingback sandal is all about taking it easy. The soft and resilient nappa-style polyurethane upper features two wide interlocking crisscross straps joined to an elasticized heel strap for easy entry and a custom fit. The instep is lined with soft, sueded fabric to the toes, and a 1-inch wedge heel integrated with a shock absorbent composite outsole provides exceptional walking comfort. Versatile and virtually maintenance free, and available in a full range of summer colors, it goes great with sun dresses, shorts or a pair of slacks.	Cushioned delight is the story of this dress casual sandal  Foam insole  Flexible rubber-like sole  Elastic gored insert in the back strap  1" heel

As seen the XXL magazine and Vibe magazine, these exceptional quality All-Over Alligator Shoes are handmade by one of the finest exotic Italian Shoes manufacturers, Mauri. Mauri offers sensational alligator shoes that are completely hand crafted and hand stitched in Italy. The inside is a butter soft lambskin leather for superior comfort and the sole is hand stitched in leather for excellent traction. The insole is cushioned for added shock absorption. These shoes will fit a Medium width up to a "D" width due to the soft lambskin interior leather. 		The Mauri Custom Alligator Collection doesn't use the "painted-on" process to color these shoes like other manufacturers; instead, they use a special aniline process to dye the premium grade Alligator that the selected color permeates the skins thoroughly. The skins maintain its color for a lifetime and becomes more beautiful with age.		Mauri's main focus is quality and main direction is aggressive high-profile men's fashion footwear. From television to music videos to recording artists, the Mauri brand has been seen all over the world.

Nurses have to be quick, light on their feet and hard-working...but they've also got to be caring and soft in many ways. For professionals that have to be soft and professional, tough and giving, there are Nurse Mates 229604 Feather White Shoes.These all white slip-on mules are made with soft, flexible tumbled floater leather. This tumbled grain leather has a pebbled look that adds texture to the design. The blue Nurse Mates heart is visible on the side, a symbol that praises the caring, soft heart all nurses have. Stain-resistant, the white leather is very easy to clean and maintain, so your shoes will stay white and bright.Strong shanks put a heart of steel within each shoe, durable support for muscles so you can keep working. Softly padded lining helps take more pressure off by adding comfortable cushioning. The soft, EVA foam soles are attached through Strobel construction. This stitched method isn't just incredibly strong, but also very flexible for better foot movement.The non-marking, slip resistant soles will help you maintain a gripping tread. The low, 1 inch heel will give you just a bit of lift for added heel support. Nurse Mates 229604 Feather White Shoes are made to be lightweight, because you've always got to stay light and quick on your feet. Feather-soft comfort, feather-light construction and the care that Nurse Mates injects into every shoe? You can't do better than that on the job.Medium

For work and for play the leather Desire ankle strap clog from Naturalizer is suited for any woman. This lightweight versatile clog has a beautiful contrast stitch detail, brushed gold adjustable buckle, center seam with a cross stitch detail on the vamp, round toe, suede lined cushioned insole, and a textured rubber outsole.	Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.

With its pretty scalloped edges, contrasting trim, and delicate stitching detail, this simple yet stylish mary jane will add charm to all your casual outfits. Comfort features of the Sandra include a smooth leather lining, comfy 1-inch heel and durable rubber sole.	John and his longtime friend and ex-partner, Peter Fox, go waaaaay back. Before they founded Fox & Fluevog in 1970, they worked at Sheppard's, a venerable Vancouver shoe emporium, albeit a tad on the conventional side. As you can imagine, John and Peter felt a wee bit constrained, selling brogues all day to businessmen in suits and servicing only the occasional hipster. Then one day the miraculous happened, and it was followed by the inevitable

When style and safety need to come together, the industrial steel cap oxford from Dr. Martens is just the shoe. It features a standard woodshank and is heat sealed welted for added durability, plus it features a PVC outsole that is electrical hazard-resistant.	Brand

Whether you're runnning around town or headed to the office, the Men's Wolverine Zeus Durashocks Oxford Shoes are handsome and performance driven. This durable and long lasting shoe is outfitted with features like the DuraShocks lightweight polyurethane outsoles that propel steps forward to fight foot fatigue, and Flex-stitch hand-sewn Opanka construction for extra comfort and flexibility. Ready with comfort and style, the Wolverine Men's Zeus Durashocks Oxford Shoes look as good as they feel.

quilted snowboot

Feel as good as you look in the classic Naot Kayla sandal. This women's sandal has a faux leather or synthetic upper with a back strap for stability and hook-and-loop strap at the instep for an adjustable fit. Covered with soft, breathable suede, the cork and natural latex footbed manages moisture and encourages correct posture, molding to the foot over time and evenly distributing weight to release pressure on the spinal column and joints. Arch and hallux support and a cradling heel indentation help maintain balance, prevent slippage and protect the heel bone from impact. The Naot Sharon sandal is finished with a thick EVA sole for traction and shock-absorbing comfort and it runs narrow to medium widths.

.x{color

Treat yourself to the gift of a rose. The Jedrek platform slide from Betsey Johnson will decorate you beautifully. It features a strappy metallic upper with a jeweled rose embellishment, a blond wooden heel and platform, and fully cushioned insole for everlasting comfort. Strut your stuff in a dark denim mini wearing the Jedrek.	Betsey Johnson Jedrek.	Betsey did it again. Fashion at it's finest. Sexy high heel slide with an embroidered flower detail.	Curved wooden heel is 5" (128 mm) high, platform is 1 1/2" (27 mm) thick. Leather sole and linings.

Columbia offers a wide variety of outdoor performance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories. Columbia products are engineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you with innovative products that are functional yet stylish and a great value.	Columbia Hell's Canyon II Shoes... the "duck boats" of casual shoes! SAVE BIG! Like amphibious vehicles, these Columbia Hell's Canyon II Shoes work in water and on land. When Columbia offered me some excess inventory that would save you BIG, I dove in! Siped outsole for traction on slippery surfaces like boat decks and docks; Durable, breathable synthetic leather and mesh uppers; Sure-grip, non-marking rubber outsole; Side port channels for drainage; Permanent padded insole for comfort; Comfortable stretch neoprene lining; 3-eyelet elastic cord with cord lock; Approx. 4 3/4"h., 13 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Yacht quality, rowboat price! Men's Columbia Hell's Canyon II Shoes, Blue / Gray

5" Heel Two Tone Closed Toe Oxford.

Corcoran 10" Side - Zip Jump Boots... these babies cushion your feet every step of the way! High impact lifestyles demand a high-quality boot! And these Side-Zip Bootshave heavy-duty YKK zippers to allow you to get in and out of your Stompers at a moment's notice. These babies feature a Poron cushioned insole that's specifically designed to absorb the blast from a hard landing. This Boot has internal ankle support to keep you stepping securely at impact. And you'll always look your best with smooth, "spit-shineable" leather uppers. Look out below

Salvatore Capezio was born in 1871 in Muro Lucano, Italy. Uninterested in following in his father's footsteps as a construction engineer, he became an artist of his own right, a cobbler. In 1887, at the age of 17, he opened his shop on Broadway and 39th Street, diagonally across from the old Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. Soon, the shop became a meeting place for dancers who would stop by to discuss their needs and to get a pair of his shoes. As Capezio's popularity grew, dancers from around the world made it a point to visit him and purchase his shoes. The innovation of the products that Salvatore Capezio created and the camaraderie he shared with the dancers molded the direction that his company would follow. In this image, the Capezio brand was established to promote and recognize ongoing achievements and participation in dance. Capezio products remain in the forefront in quality and in technological advances with innovations like the split-sole, the stretch-insert, the Dansneaker and the Tapsneaker. Capezio believes that their success is dependent upon the individual commitment of each customer to continually set new standards of creativity and performance, while preserving a reputation for dependability and distinction. Capezio pledges their support and dedication to the advancement of dance, theater and recreation in communities worldwide.	Broad, feathered toe box. Medium vamp. Round shape throat and elastic drawstring. Hand-flattened crown. New pleating with quiet toe construction. Wide platform. Soft cotton lining. Short leather outer sole. Skived No. 5 leather board shank. BEST FIT

Unique, credit card size flashlight fits most anywhere... and is ready when you need it

Rocket Dog is a young-minded footwear and clothing company that was founded in 1997, and named after Max, the speedy mutt of one of the creators. The Rocket Dog consumer is an independent freethinker that shuns the polished look and materialism of the previous generation.

The Drifter boot from Lugz is a workhorse that'll bring you a sure and safe step. With its sturdy leather upper, thick collar, tongue, and insole padding, breathable textile lining, and high-abrasion rubber outsole, you'll be comfortably protected.	Lugz boots are known for their perfect mixture of durability for work and stylish design for casual wear. The Drifter boot is the perfect example and is a must have for any man's closet. This boot features a leather upper and man made non slip sole, padded collar and tongue, slight heel, metal Lugz logo on each side and a combat military style design.  Style

A comfortable classic, this casual shoe from Reebok features running shoe styling with a soft garment leather upper and a cushioned EVA midsole. Durable traction outsoles deliver long-lasting wear.	Express your style with Reebok Classic Leather. This men's sneaker features a soft leather upper in a tapered design. The molded sockliner provides comfort, cushioning, and durability. This Reebok sneaker has an EVA midsole and abrasive rubber outsole for lightweight cushioning, traction, and durability. Best of all, the Classic Leather comes in width sizing for a custom fit. Never go out of style with the Reebok Classic Leather!

Low-cut is for speed players who want a lightweight shoe, mid-cut made for speed players who require more support. Synthetic leather upper. Internal Lightstrike EVA cushioning system. EVA sockliner with adiPRENE+ forefoot insert. Injected Pebax plate. Weight 12.0 oz.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	Men's Florsheim Washington Dress Oxfords. Look as high-class as those big-wigs up in Washington

Sidi per Donna supports Pink Ribbon Program. Looking cool and staying cool is easy when you deck our Sidi's most popular road shoe in a great "Euro" color combination, all in a design tailored specifically for a woman's unique foot structure. Millennium II Sole. Soft Arch Compression Strap. Ultra SL Buckle. High Security VELCRO. Padded Tongue w/ fit relievers. Replaceable Heel Tab. Molded Heel Cup..

Perfed full-grain leather shroud with zipper offers ventilation and support, full translucent TPU heel cage adds stability and support, polyurethane sockliner provides comfort and cushioning, forefoot grenade construction for low-to-ground look, feel and increased surface contact, internal IMEVA sole increases cushioning and support.

Kids may not know the legendary comfort of a Birkenstock, but they can now. The Roma sandal has the classic cork midsole, contoured footbed, and adjustable buckle straps of the original, with the upper of your choice, Birko-Flor or embossed nubuck leather (while supplies last).	This multi-strap sandal is great for any occasion. Back ankle strap for a perfect fit. Multi-strap sandal with maximum comfort and fit.

The Snapdragon slip-on from Skechers is the ideal grab-n-go style. Easy on-off accessibility comes from its low collar and self-contained bungee laces, while soothing comfort is delivered by interior padding and a shock-absorbing rubber outsole. Like magic, you're off in a snap.	Boost your workday mobility with the Bikers - Snapdragon sneaker from Skechers. An adjustable bungee lacing system offers a comfortable fit. The slip resistant rubber outsole is flexible and secure, meeting your active needs.

Tony Lama Tucson Boots, with genuine bull hide, BIG BUCKS OFF! OK, we're going to pitch you some bull... but don't worry, it's the 100% truth! What we're talking about are these premium Tony Lama handcrafted Boots with thick, supple bull shoulder leather in the foot. And straight shootin,' a Close-Out saves you BIG bucks! Rodeo and ranch hand specials

Forget trading style for comfortthats so yesterday. Say yes to the now with Finn Comforts Linz oxford where you can have modern-edged styling and a proper fit. Topstitching details and a contrasting padded collar accent this sporty leather lace-up  whose versatile ankle-height pairs equally well with denim and khakis and easily stands up to your busy 24/7 lifestyle. Foot-friendly by design, its rounded toe provides a roomier fit, a reinforced heel counter adds support, and a lightweight outsole keeps fatigue at bay.	The comfort features of s sneaker and the style of Finn Comfort has been combined in the Linz 1008. Handcrafted in Europe, this high-top sneaker features a leather and nubuck upper for durability and a vegetable-tanned leather lining to wick away moisture. The shock-absorbing Finn Comfort Footbed is ergonomically designed to support and cushion your foot and can be removed for airing and hand washing. The Finn Comfort Linz 1008 high-top sneaker features a padded collar to cushion your ankle and a flexible rubber sole for grip and traction.

Mens Split Second Wide

A durable, waterproof hiking boot with sophisticated detailing. Includes polished hardware, metal aglets, metal heel log and signature hang tag detailed to look like a bar of gold or platinum. Rubber lug outsole provides superior traction. Waterproof, full-grain leather upper with toe bumper is strong and durable. Rustproof hardware is made to last. Padded collar lends cushioning and comfort.

A Fun And Playful Shoe By Merrell,Pigskin Leather Lining for Extra Comfort,Full-Grain Leather Upper,Removeable Insole,Slip Lasted Construction for Flexability,Sticky Rubber Sole Provides Superior Traction,Polyester Mesh Lining for Breathability,Air cushioned midsole acts as a shock absorber

Keep you footwear nice and smooth this winter with these dope Tims. Features embroidered logo at right of heel and logo hardwear at top right. 100% Leather. Use soft suede brush to remove scuff marks and dried dirt. Imported.

You do your part to recycle and be as  as possible, why stop there? The inviting Iggdrasil mary jane from El Naturalista is comfortable, attractive, and just right for the environmentalist in all of us. The vegetable-tanned leather is churned with ground tree bark and river stones for weeks to make the hide resilient to dirt, water, and daily wear and tear. It features pretty contrast stitching, too.	Standing for The Tree of Life in Nordic mythology, the El Naturalista Iggdrasil N096 is a classic style in its original clog version, rooted at the center of the El Naturalista universe. Set in a pull-grain leather upper with gorgeous contrast stitching detail, the upper of this women's clog is treated with river stones to temper the hide naturally, which gives it an attractive rustic look but is softened until optimal comfort is reached. The recycled polyurethane footbed is anatomically-correct for lasting comfort, you'll never want to take these El Naturalista clogs off. The unique outsole hints to the inspiration of the El Naturalista Iggdrasil N096, a shoe that will cary you in style with purpose.

The Applaud from Easy Street is a versatile and ultra-comfortable basic that rounds out any contemporary woman's wardrobe. Featuring a laid back, flexible design, padded insole for all-day support and double side gores for a secure fit, this loafer pairs well with a wide variety of casual and work outfits. Ideal for everyday wear, the Applaud has a sleek, modern style and easily slips on and off for carefree wear.	Women's Easy Street, Applaud  A comfortable casual slip on loafer  Faux leather uppers with stretch panel for flexible comfort  Rounded toe  Super flex insole cushions and flexes with every step

The open road is all yours in this handsome western-style motorcycle boot from Harley-Davidson. Made with Goodyear welted construction for stability and support, the boot features double loops at the collar for easy pull-on, a fabric-lined shaft to wick away moisture, and a permanent, padded, lined footbed for all-day freshness and comfort. The silver-toned harness ring and metal logo plate on the heel add signature style to this classic look.

The adidas Boston Classic women's running shoes are the kind of shoe that delivers performance while earning you respect with every step. We like to think of these outstanding runners as super shoes. Now, we're not insinuating they are super-hero shoes... Do the adidas Boston Classic women's running shoes possess the ability to leap tall buildings in a single bound? Can they stop bullets? Do they lead a second life as a mild-mannered reporter? We can give a definite "No" to the first two. As far as that alter ego, we'll leave that one up to you. Regardless of superpowers, the adidas Boston Classic women's running shoes are definitely your footwear version of the Green Monster. These kicks are constructed for long wear, and the old-school influence in the style will earn you fashion points whether you're running the Emerald Necklace or jogging the Minuteman Bike Path. Lace up your own adidas Boston Classic women's running shoes and show some Beantown pride.

With a soft leather upper and durable PU outsole, the Eastland Plainview oxford is built to keep you comfortable wherever your weekend activities take you. Its unique Opanka stitch-to-sole construction features removable padded orthotics so it will feel broken-in right out of the box, just the way you like them.	Revel in the casual comfort of the Eastland Plainview. This men's oxford is set in a rich leather upper and features a five eyelet lace-up closure. A padded collar and removable padded insole offers ulitmate comfort and support. The Opanka constructed upper is stitched directly to the outsole for superior flexibility and comfort. Create handsome style with ease and comfort in the Eastland Plainview Men's.

Suitable for indoor/outdoor track competition and cross country. Synthetic/mesh upper provides lightweight comfort and support, C-Cap CMEVA midsole adds cushioning and flexibility, solid rubber outsole offers long-wearing durability. Weight 7.3 oz.

Matterhorn Waterproof Insulated Field Boot... with a supportive, high ankle and all the right technology for dry, protected and comfortable feet to keep you on the march! Matterhorn is known for making "extreme boots for extreme conditions" and this sure-footed pair definitely fits the bill! Made to meet or exceed requirements for safety and your foot's demand for comfort... the Matterhorn Field Boot is one tough trooper. Water resistant and breathable full-grain leather uppers lace-up high so you can get down and dirty. Waterproof GORE-TEX bootie and removable DRYZ insole cushions your feet while taming odor and keeping your feet dry. That's total moisture control inside and out! A step in the right direction

Drop a cinderblock on YOUR dress shoes! NO? Check out these rugged Florsheim Steel Toe Moc-toes, SAVE BIG! A sharp-looking Dress Shoe like this Florsheim, WITH steel toe protection, doesn't come along very often. But it can be an awfully nice thing to have, for those days when you need on-site approved footwear AND have to look good for your boss. The people at Florsheim are constantly rethinking their styles to keep up with the latest fashions... that's how these beautiful, rugged-wearing Shoes ended up on the factory Close-Out auction block. Thanks to a great Guide buy, you SAVE BIG! Take a look at top-notch quality

The way you skate is just as unique to you as your own style. And you wouldn't have it any other way. A reworked original design from the '70s, this slip-on's casual breathable canvas upper features a unique print on the sock-liner to create a look all its own. Additionally, the hidden dual-goring allows for easy on/off accessibility,  while the oil-resistant vulcanized herringbone pattern outsole provides a sturdy step, and the cushioned insole will provide long wearing comfort from morning to night.	adidas is a name that stands for excellence in all sectors of sport around the globe. The vision of company founder Adolf Dassler has become a reality, and his corporate philosophy has been the guiding principle for successor generations. The idea was as simple as it was brilliant

Men's Ducks Unlimited 3 mm Titanium Chest Waders with 600 - gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation, Cleated Soles and FREE 12 - Shell Carrier. Shivering certainly won't help your aim or your cast. These Ducks Unlimited 3 mm Titanium Waders with 600-gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation give you the warmth you need to stay out in the thick of the action all day

Classic design that hasn't changed in years and years and years. Try them for the first time -- again.

WOMEN'S DIESEL TAG SUEDE * UPPER--LEATHER* SOLE--DIESEL D CALENDAR OUTSOLE* MIDSOLE--EVA * MEDIUM WIDTH .75" HEEL HEIGHT * USE LEATHER CLEANER* IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $55.00NOW -

Built for the runner who seeks support and cushioning. Synthetic leather and breathable open-mesh upper. CMEVA midsole with heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, extended DuoMax medial post provides static stability and shores up the midfoot, DuoTruss System two density Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot to maintain midfoot support. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) directs the foot from heel-to-toe allowing more natural gait. Lateral rearfoot flex grooves addsrearfoot shock attenuation at initial impact. Wt. 10.5 oz.

Sleek and classic, the Maury oxford from Nunn Bush is perfect for the man who wants to stay in style without necessarily standing out in the crowd. The soft leather upper, sleek lines, and signature gel padded insole for support all work together to make this shoe completely comfortable and stylish without costing you a small fortune.	Get down to the bare style essentials in the Maury dress casual shoe from Nunn Bush. This leather plain-toe shoe features Comfort Gel Construction for advanced cushioning and shock absorption. The leather lining, fully cushioned footbed, and flexible rubber sole ensure comfort.

All - day comfort! WATERPROOF Carhartt 8" Steel Toe Work Boots go beyond the 9 - 5 grind. BIG BUCKS OFF! Go ahead. Pull some overtime. Your feet won't mind. Not when they're planted in these comfy Carhartt Work Boots. A removable polyurethane insole cushions your step. Dry feet for sure since these babies are 100% waterproof. Wow, discontinued style spells BIG BUCKS OFF! Carhartt quality

duke black paris 80

AQUAZ sandals are the new wave of sandals for women and men that blend sleek styling, AQUAZ drainage and reflexology technology, comfort, and durability to deliver you in style. AQUAZ are constructed from state of the art injection moulded components that are hand assembled to provide consistent quality and a comfortable fit with a contoured PVC footbed with anatomical arch support. Durable lightweight TPR soles have a moulded siped grooved tread which provides better grip on wet/dry surfaces such as boat and pool decks.

Wow, look at her go! That's what everyone will be saying when you're wearing the Punter sneaker from Easy Spirit. This atletic sneaker has a lightweight leather upper, removable cushioned insole, padded collar and tongue, and the shock-absorbing midsole. Additional features include ultra-soft fabric linings, a textured rubber outsole, and a full ghillie lace up closure. Whether you're exploring the city side or the country side, the Punter will be the perfect walking companion. Spirit Level 3; for high performance walking.	Versatile Level 3 walking athletic shoe for the woman on the go Combination lacing for customized fit Breathable upper materials and footbed Foam padded comfort lining Dual density outsole

A sleek, modern tennis shoe that gives ambitious tennis players the power to accelerate their game. a3 structure heel offers optimized energy throughout foot strike. Full-forefoot adiPRENE+ delivers forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Synthetic leather upper features open-mesh nylon for breathability and quick drying. adiTUFF adds abrasion resistance in the toe area. Molded EVA insole provides a custom fit and anatomical comfort. adiWEAR outsole provides the best durability in high-wear areas. Textile lining lends comfort.

Leather/mesh upper, CMEVA midsole with ABZORB in forefoot and rearfoot, rubber outsole.

hether black leather 100

Original Classic roper styling-the cowboy boot that made ropers popular. Leather sole, cushion insole.

jumpp green fabric 110

This sneaker's name says it all

Power and speed come naturally in this leather upper with rubber outsole

Ladies' Acorn Unwind Shoes, BIG BUCKS OFF! Fatigue-fighting, built for the active person! Indoor / outdoor versatility with nylon mesh uppers nylon mesh uppers treated for water resistance; "After Active" EMAX molded bottom, flexible yet durable. Springtec midsole has long-lasting foam cushioning; Highly breathable insole and lining fabric wicks moisture, reduces odor; Neoprene collar for custom fit; Each 3 1/4" h., feather-lite 5 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Half sizes, order the next larger full size. Order ONLINE Now! Ladies' Acorn Unwind Shoes, Black

MEN'S ADIDAS SAMOA LX * UPPER--COTTON CORDUROY/LEATHER* SOLE--CREPE RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH 1" HEEL HEIGHT* IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVE ORIGINALLY-$120.00 NOW-

Enhance your work wardrobe with polished sophistication without breaking the bank. This smooth-textured leather Evander Oxford from Rockport features a lightly shined upper with a seamed toe, while the padded collar and tongue, along with the rubber outsole, deliver all-day comfort.	Transition from desk to dinner, whatever the weather, in the Rockport Evander oxford. Part of the Rockport Office Essentials collection, this classic men's dress shoe features a streamlined moc-toe design, protective waterproof full grain leather upper and waterproof insole board. Inside, the polyurethane Kinetic Air CirculatorTM footbed uses a patented active-air design to help you keep your cool in a variety of situations. The Rockport Evander dress oxford is finished with a lightweight polyurethane sole for grip and energy return.

Take your game to the next level in the G4 from Mizuno. This full leather low cleat offers durability, performance, and fatigue-busting comfort, even after extra innings. Its patented 9-Spike technology increases balance, stability, and traction, while a highly specialized midsole disperses friction and increases cushioning and responsiveness. Proflex construction provides for increased flexibility that mirrors your natural movements, while VS-1 foam cushioning tames impact shock.	Mizuno Mens 9-Spike Classic G4 Metal Cleats (Low) feature

Hit the sidewalk or treadmill in comfort and style with ECCO's RXP 3040. This lightweight running shoe features a super-breathable mesh upper with  supportive synthetic overlays and contrasting accent piping. A padded tongue, collar and footbed offer support and moisture control. Reinforcement at the toe protects against abrasion and wear, while a grippy rubber outsole provides traction.	High performance running shoe for neutral to light pronator

A common creative attitude that includes natural styling with an attention to details and specialized comfort constructions gives What's What its distinctive character. Design details like hand stitching, cut outs, ornamentation, and special comfort constructions along with an attention to hand crafted details sets this brand apart form all the others.

Fender Footwear's mission is to create footwear that is comfortable, hip and immediately recognizable. Fender Footwear creates casual footwear for men, women and children featuring both cutting-edge and classic styling.  Their footwear is made from very high quality materials such as pigskin and full grain leathers. They have a great fit and, because of their exclusive "Comfort Amplifiers" polyurethane removable insoles, they are unbelievably comfortable. Inspired by the American icon that is the Fender electric guitar, they have created shoes designed to rock as hard as you do. Strut your Fender style with the coolest, most comfortable footwear on or off the stage.

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	ALETHIA is from the Clarks Artisan Collection. Full-grain leather upper offers wear to keep your feet cool and dry Full leather lining pulls moisture away from the foot Polyurethane footbed with rigid ABS heel provides stability and shock absorption Soft rubber outsole ensures long-lasting traction and support 2 1/4 inch heel

Men's Dunham Idling Brook Moose River Leather Fisherman's Sandals provide closed toe comfort and protection! Sturdy enough to wear when you're fishing? You bet!You can wear them as either sandals or slides! Just remove the heel strap for slide wear, put it back on for sandal style when you need more heel support. Great Comfort

An explosive running shoe for the neutral to mild pronator, the Brooks Glycerin 4 offers unrivaled cushioning. It's all engineered for great support and cushioning in a well-balanced ride. Element Air mesh upper. CMEVA sockliner with X-Static. Heel and forefoot HydroFlow ST-XL. Full-length S-257 midsole with dual-density DRB Accel. Engineered Cush-Pod configuration, S-257 Cushsole. e-1, HPR Plus. Wt. 9.3 oz.

The Mizuno Wave Lightning 2 is designed for the high-performance volleyball player seeking the ultimate cushioning with specific stability. This high-performance volleyball shoe features Parallel Wave technology in the rubber for lightweight cushioning. Sensorpoint technology connects the Wave plate to the ground for enhanced stability and traction. VS-1 technology provides point-of-impact forefoot cushioning. Gum rubber is applied in key outsole areas for enhanced traction and flexibility. Highly breathable air mesh upper keeps feet cool and dry.

A technical running shoe designed for the runner seeking the optimal blend of cushioning, support and overall comfort. SpEVA midsole offers increased shock attenuation and durability. I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System) encourages natural gait while allowing for natural foot movement from heel strike to toe-off. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems. DuoMax medial post maintains proper support. Dual-density DuoTruss System links rearfoot and forefoot and provides midfoot support. Combination DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug add flexibility and durability. Wt. 12.0 oz.

liner black leather 110

Matterhorn 10" Waterproof, Insulated Field Boots keep your feet in tip - top shape for the long haul ahead! Dry, comfortable feet. That's all you need to get the job done, and these Boots deliver! These bad boys feature moisture-wicking DRYZ Intellitemp phase change insulation technology that cushions each step. No more soggy socks with a waterproof, breathable GORE-TEX bootie and water-resistant, breathable full-grain leather uppers on your side. Your feet will stay bone-dry, all day long. More

Rothco Canvas Utility Pouch / Wallet is a heavy canvas travel companion. This item has a belt loop to attach to your belt for comfort and is made of canvas for durability. Specifications

coyl natural paris 65

The Berlin dress shoe from Ecco is a sharp, stylish slip-on with a  smooth leather upper in a protective apron-toe design with elastic gores for  a snug but comfortable fit and easy on-off functionality, but the sole will  give you plenty to be happy about, too

Show off your collegiate spirit with these clogs from Hush Puppies! Comes in team color and interlocking team logo on front toe. Available in men's and women's sizes. Men's - 8-13; Women's 6-11. Please note that clogs are unisex. For your ordering convenience we have listed both men's and women's sizes, but if ordering a women's size you will receive the comparable men's size.  Our standard return policy applies for this item. All returns are subject to a restocking fee of $3.00.  This item cannot be shipped outside of the U.S. or to P.O. Boxes or APO or FPO addresses.

An adidas original since 1969, the Superstar II men's retro shoes are a timeless classic that is a must-have for anyone who appreciates great footwear. Rather than ask you IF you have a pair of adidas Superstars, we'd rather ask how many you have. Seriously, if you haven't added this piece of footwear history to your repertoire, then the time has definitely come. Available in a myriad colors and styles, some with special graphics and subtle design touches, the adidas Superstar II men's retro shoes are the real deal.We suggest getting a pair for every day of the week. If you want, you can even write which day to wear them in the tongue or insole, but that might be a little too straight-laced. Go ahead and flip it up; wear whichever pair completes your mood for the day. After all, the Superstars were the premier retro shoes for players that showed as much individuality on the court as you show on the street, so they're ready to show their style at your whim. Are you ready to be a Superstar?

Put some zest into your wardrobe with a little splash of classy sass from the Josette d'Orsay pump from Jessica Simpson. Choose from a smooth or embossed patent leather upper, both of which have equal parts of sex appeal. Additional features include; a squared-off peep toe, a daring stiletto heel, and a fully cushioned insole for day to night comfort.	Step into a seductive look with the modern Josette pumps by Jessica Simpson.  Smooth leather, degrade patent leather, solid patent leather, embossed leather, metallic leather or fabric upper in a contemporary dress pump style with a square open toe, open inner arch and 1/2 inch wrapped midsole to create a striking bombshell-esque silhouette.  Faux leather lining and cushioning logo footbed, flat traction outsole.  4 inch stacked heel.

Built rugged to withstand the elements and outlast everything in your closet. The Timberland 6" Panel boot features a smooth Nubuck upper with down-filled panels around ankle and collar for comfort. Rubber lug outsole delivers great traction. Rustproof hardware promotes long-wearing durability. Steel shank for support.

Dress her in adorable caterpillar green shoes adorned with dancing dragonflies for her little twinkle toes.     Why Komfort Kidz? Our shoes are made from the softest leather and will gently cradle your child's foot. The rubber sole is designed to flex with each step your child takes. This is so important for growing feet. The rubber sole also provides protection, as it is a non-slip sole. Great for busy toddlers! Pediatricians recommend that children under two years of age go barefoot or when unable to that they wear lightweight flexible shoes. Every shoe that Komfort Kidz sells meets these standards for these early developing years and beyond. Don't settle for anything less than comfort when it comes to your child's shoes.

If you'd rather wear your cushy sneakers to work but don't want to break the dress code, slip on the Keen Men's Briggs Shoes for the ideal combination of comfort and style. The waterproof leather upper protects your foot while you walk through the rain to work, and the removable metatomical footbed cushions your dogs all day so you stay comfy. Keen also gave the Briggs Shoe a classic blucher toe-lace design that gives you a unique look.Product FeaturesMaterial

Take each step with an enhanced sense of security thanks to a stability rollbar that minimizes rearfoot movement, lessening the chance of the foot rolling too much inward or outward. Stay active, stay steady on your feet, and stay on the move!	The New Balance 575 is a durable walking shoe designed for the moderate paced walker. Color

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	Crafted for a sophisticated, modern look, the versatile Hobbes' slip-on is perfect for casual outings.  Quality milled leather or nubuck upper offers long-lasting, breathable wear and immediate comfort.  Features attractive instep band and contrast stitching for added detail.  Leather sock lining helps maintain the shape of the shoe and absorbs moisture to keep your feet cool and dry.  Fully cushioned footbed provides heel-to-toe support for all-day comfort.  Rugged rubber bottom offers durability and slip-resistant traction on a variety of surfaces.

Give your adorable little tot a boost of sweet style with this slip-on sandal from Robeez. This shoe features a soft, flexible, skid-resistant, textured suede sole which is highly recommended by medical experts. It's easy to slip on, but stays on with an elasticized ankle band, and is washable by hand or machine. Made with soft, durable, quality leather, it's the perfect way to care for your little one's feet. It's super-cute, of course, paired with onesies, shorts, or pants.	These soft sole baby sandals in a neutral shade have go-with-anything appeal for both boys and girls. Airy cut-outs in these cute baby shoes keep sun-seeking feet cool all season long.

gosip black paris 70

510-DEBBIE-BLACK-5-M Color

gosip black paris 75

Women's 3 Inch Wedge Heel Mary Jane With Scalloped Trim

Straight from the Etnies skate closet comes the Etnies Callicut skate shoe. 400 NBS rubber outsole provides traction and board control. Suede, soft action or synthetic leather upper is strong and versatile. Elastic tongue-centering straps add stability. EVA midsole offers lightweight cushioning with removable arch support for a custom fit. Padded tongue and collar lend additional comfort and cushioning. Features the trademark Etnies light up, blinking "E" logo. This product can be shipped to US addresses ONLY.

Your other shoes are going to freaking hate the Court Classic Perfection women's tennis shoes. Imagine the scene when it introduces itself to all the other footwear in your closet. "Hi, nice to meet you, Beat Up Old Yard Work Shoes and Garage Sale Cowboy Boots. I'm the Court Classic Perfection." It's name is actually "Perfection;" how snooty is that? Things will only get worse once you actually start wearing the Court Classic Perfection women's tennis shoes, because you aren't going to want to take them off. Not only do the Court Classic Perfections have the support and traction needed to coax out your best performance level on the court, but they have the casual stylishness and comfortable cushioning to make them your new favorites off court as well. How do you expect Garage Sale Cowboy Boots to compete with that? You can't, of course, so the Court Classic Perfection women's tennis shoes won't be spending much time in your closet, which you can bet will be fine with them once the other shoes start to gang up on the Perfections. You don't even want to know what can be done to a shoe with a few strategically placed Velcro straps.

The ideal shoe for the race sport enthusiast and a lifestyle statement at the same time (not fireproof). Soft Nubuck/synthetic upper provides comfy support and great-looking style. Oil-resistant, non-slippery rubber outsole with intermediate tire profile provides great grip. Mid has Velcro closure for additional support.

From the moment its iconic exercise sandals hit the shelves in 1968, Dr. Scholl's has been a brand synonymous with comfortable footwear and healthy feet. Today, Dr. Scholl's offers footwear in a variety of fashionable styles that range from casual to elegant, to fun and funky. Dr. Scholl's continues its tradition of using the latest podiatric medicine and research to revolutionize the way Americans think of, and care for, their feet.	Dr. Scholls *Cardigan* fabric clogs. Silver-tone studs. Rounded toe design. Wooden platform heel. Cushioned insole. Wooden midsole. Man-made sole. Ships fast. Includes prepaid return label for discounted returns.

The Pump 2.0 system with auto on/off valve automatically inflates for a custom fit. Turn it on when you need it and off when you dont. The Reebok Answer IX Pump basketball shoe has a top quality full-grain leather upper with a forefoot stability strap and breathable lining material. An external TPU heel counter provides ankle stability and support. Herringbone traction pattern outsole. Wt. 18.2 oz. **Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.**

Lightweight, comfortable and made to move, LaCrosse's Burly Classic Hunting boot is must-have gear for the stand, field, or blind. Constructed in waterproof, scent-free rubber, this boot features a stealthy neutral finish and foam padding for added warmth and cushioning, so your feet won't give out before your game does. Special ankle-fit technology provides a no-slip, fitted profile.	WATERPROOF and SCENT-FREE Men's LaCrosse Burly Classic Rubber Kneeboots! The big Daddy of all rubber kneeboots! Go ahead. Maneuver marsh, pea soup and muddy mire in total confidence. Dry feet? You bet. The rubber is totally waterproof. And who cares if your feet can smell like a skunk. The scent-free qualities keep it from the keen noses of game. Makes good "scents" to own these classic favorites for successful hunts. Ruggedly built

TOUR MASTER/CORTECH T/M SOLUTION WP BOOT 14Solution WP Road Boot Tour Master has developed a Solution

Measures 4" tall, and comes in original	box.

ContiTech's superior quality belts are original equipment for many American, Asian, and European automotive manufacturers. These belts offer quality, performance, and reliability. They are designed and manufactured to the highest standards.

The Cellini d'Orsay from Nine West will be a chic, modern addition to your shoe wardrobe. It has a classic shape and a unique pyramid heel, but it also has a wild side, thanks to the metallic trim, oversized strap accent, and abundance of shiny hardware. Enhance day or evening looks with this shoe

When you're looking for dress-casual footwear, a simple shoe like this is never the wrong selection. This A-line slip-on from Giorgio Brutini features a rich leather upper, cushioned insole with arch support, and a durable, high-traction driving sole.	Giorgio Brutini is an enduring name that evokes fashion and quality. The supple leathers, the hand finished detailing and the superior quality materials are all hallmarks of this established brand.

Beefy. Waterproof. WARM. New Guide Gear Sentinel II Boots offer 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. BIG BUCKS OFF! Admirable feat keeping feet warm! Ever had your feet so cold, that they felt like bricks? And when they thawed, it felt like a zillion ants running around. No more freezing pain when you wear these heaters. Realizing feet are the furthest from your body's center of heat, our Guide Gear Sentinel II Boots pack 2,000 grams of Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. The result is amazing warmth, even in raw, arctic-like conditions. Special make-up and no middleman means big savings! Hot features

If you need Propet comfort in a casual sandal style, you've finally gotten your wish. This Surf Walker features--along with its rich leather upper--thickly padded nylon linings, three points of adjustability, and a cushy, anatomically-correct footbed.	NEW Propet Surf Walker Sandals offer coolness! Surfin' U.S.A.! Move over Beach Boys. These Surf Walker Sandals "sing" the tunes of comfort and style. Cool air conditioning, for sure. Our volume buy brings you the right price. Durable leather uppers; Sure-grip rubber outsole; EVA footbed with air cell cushioning for all-day comfort; Comfortable neoprene lining; Elasticized heel cord for stability and a custom fit; Dual VELCRO brand closure adjustable straps; Each is approx. 5" h. and weighs a barely there 13 ozs. State Width

Great for the beach or casual wear, this Timberland flip flop is the perfect summer sandal, featuring a soft Nubuck or leather upper with a durable rubber outsole.

Altitude/ Platinum will be available to ship Mid November.The original authentic trail shoe has been refined to the point of near perfection. High abrasion textile upper with low water absorption and a sock-like fit. 360 reflectivity provides safety in low light conditions. Molded EVA insole adds anatomical comfort. 3D Torsion System offers best midfoot integrity. adiPRENE delivers protection form harmful impact forces. adiPRENE + insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. TraXion(TM) outsole brings maximum grip in all directions. Decoupled heel deflects impact shock. Flex grooves give optimum forefoot flexibility. Weight 10.2 oz.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. The first pairs of Florsheim shoes made by Milton and his father, Sigmund, were a remarkable combination of style, comfort and high quality workmanship. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend-right, high quality footwear. Florsheim shoes are always available in a wide range of sizes and widths.	A step ahead of the other penny loafers. Think all loafers are the same? Think again. Florsheim Victor Loafers out run mere loafers by virtue of their flexible handsewn toe. More flexibility, no "puckering" and a better fit for your toes. Superior craftsmanship and quality guaranteed by Florsheim's 115-year heritage. Here's the details

Whether you're Seaside or landlocked, you'll need a casual flip flop that's as cool as this one from Reef. Its upper features decorative stitching and breathable lining, while the triple-density EVA footbed offers flexible comfort.	The Reef Seaside Women's Sandals.

Inspired by rap artist Jay-Z, the Reebok S. Carter IV are hip hop's coolest kicks yet. A perforated leather upper adds comfort and support to these casual men's shoes. Rubber outsole provides dependable traction.

Electrify your look in this sexy mid-calf boot from Pleaser. Its shiny patent, platform, flared heel, and fully-laced entry present a flirtatious vibe, but it also has a full zipper to make it easy to get in to (or out of).	As the ultimate go-to name in sexy shoes, Pleaser has become the standard all others are judged by.  Attention to detail, superb craftsmanship, fine materials and innovative designs contribute to Pleaser's reputation among sexy shoe aficionados and professional performers alike.  Synonymous with sex appeal, Pleaser shoes have graced the covers and editorials of countless fashion magazines and are featured in numerous Hollywood movies and television shows.  **ELECTRA-1023.  5" Heel, Platform Ankle Boot With Nurse Emblem.   Sizes are in Womens.  To convert to Mens, go down two sizes.  For example, a Womens size 12 is equivalent to a Mens size 10.

Enjoy all-star footwear from one of the most recognized and trend setting designers in the world today. With an incredible range of styles, the Anne Klein footwear line is sure to provide the perfect complement for any occasion. From casual to dress, with Anne Klein there's no compromising style, comfort, or function. It's simply a perfect fit.	K150063 Anne Klein Philly  A versitile sandal with a slight 1/4" heel and leather sole   Other Sizes and Widths may be available in our Ebay Store. Click Here to Vist Our Store  < font color=blue> FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OF TWO OR MORE PAIR!

Relax in the Eastland Starks slip-on with its extra soft leather upper and cushioning pillow sock insoles are built to provide long-lasting comfort. With a flexible, skid-resistant rubber outsole and unique Opanka stitch-to-sole construction, they're also tough enough to handle almost any weekend activity.	Men's Eastland Starks Slip-On Leather Oxfords Slip into the casual comfort of these Eastland Starks Oxfords

Saucony is among the most respected names in running shoes. They offer a wide range of running and walking shoes, each with the Saucony trademark fit, feel, and performance. They've spent years studying the biomechanics of top athletes because the goal is to develop creatively engineered systems that maximize your performance, allowing you to focus on the activity instead of the equipment. From studies have come many innovative Saucony concepts. Advanced technologies like Grid, the first sole-based stability and cushioning system, provide an advantage to athletes of all types.	The Saucony ProGrid Triumph 4 running shoe is designed for neutral runners seeking an extremely plush ride. By incorporating ProGrid with Respon-Tek the Triumph 4 provides a cushioned ride that runs seamlessly from heel impact through toe off. Saucony's latest impact deflection technology. ProGrid absorbs impact, dissipates shock and provides a seamless transition from heel through forefoot. SRC Impact Zone with Impact Interface, Midfoot Support Bridge, Ortholite Sockliner, HRC Strobel Board, Arch-Lock, EAS System, b/cR Forefoot outsole, XT-900 heel outsole. Wt. 13.0 oz.

Josef Seibel was founded in Germany in 1886 by Karl-August Seibel. Specializing in premium handsewn products that promote flexibility and comfort, Josef Seibel shoes use only the best premium full-grain leathers, Air Massage and Air Ped insoles and a flexible polyeurethane outsole. Their unique construction is known world-wide.	Josef Seibel Buttero 67008-20 248

Clarks has been in business for over 100 years making very fine men's dress shoes in a variety of styles. Featuring a wide range of top-quality components, Clarks gives you the options you desire in the quality you demand.	Men's Clarks Xterra Casuals. Fashionable, breathable and all - day comfortable! Clarks is all about comfort and style you can wear in just about any setting! And that's exactly the story behind the Xterra Casual. Antiqued leather uppers for a cool look and plenty of cushion and support to avoid tired and aching feet at the end of the day. And after 180 years of making quality footwear... we'd say the folks at Clarks know what they're doing. Clarks quality at a Guide price

6 inch Pointed Stiletto Thigh High Stretch Boots Women's Size Shoe With Side Laces.

coyl pink paris 110

NYLA is a club-inspired, trend-forward Junior Shoe Brand with the goal to provide the fastest fashion and look at a great price. They are not just a shoe company, but a lifestyle. Join them in their mission to conquer the world, one pair of feet at a time.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Women's Shoes*CHARADE-08S, 4 1/2" Blk Faux Suede Woven Belt M/J ShoeAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.

Bedford Stu, otherwise known as BED

These shoes run true to size. Available in toddler sizes 5-13 and in Youth Sizes 1 & 2.        The following measurements were taken on the inside footbed of the shoes. Please measure your child's feet (while in standing position), and purchase the size that is 1/4-1/2 inch bigger than her foot from heal to toe

It all began near Munich, Germany in 1945 when Dr. Klaus Maertens injured his foot in a skiing accident in the Bavarian Alps. To make walking easier during the healing process, he designed a shoe with an air-cushioned sole. Using old rubber tires, he constructed soles that had air trapped within closed compartments. He showed his prototype to his engineer/inventor friend, Dr. Herbert Funck, and together they decided to develop and produce the shoes. Not only did the shoe solve the doctor's immediate problem, but it also started to sell well in Germany. By 1959 the two founders decided that they needed a company to produce and distribute the shoes, then called Dr. Maertens, in other parts of the world. At first, many manufacturers rejected the concept of an air cushioned sole as a short-lived gimmick. However, the R. Griggs Group, located in the village of Wollaston in England, decided to go along with the idea by creating the first work boot with the revolutionary sole. On the first of April 1960, the first cherry red eight-eyelet work boot was produced and named 1460 (1/4/60). To sell the brand name better in England, the name was anglicized to Dr. Martens. The range was branded AirWair and the rest is history.	Shake up your independent style with the 1460 boot from Dr. Martens. Extreme durablility is assured with the Goodyear welt construction. Dr. Martens' Air Cushioned outsole creates superb comfort over traction-ready PVC leading the crew.

Japanese for "pressure point," Tsubo is a design-driven company founded by British designers Nick O'Rorke and Patrick McNulty in July 1997. Tsubo is designed for the fashion conscious, comfort-driven individual who wants the highest-quality materials along with the highest-quality product. The soles are built with comfort in mind -- all of the styles have the unique cushion oval bubbles strategically placed on the sole at various pressure points of the foot for the highest amount of comfort. These bubbles not only provide comfort, but they also allow you to instantly recognize that these are Tsubo shoes.	Tsubo means "pressure point" in Japanese. What does that mean for you? That means TSUBO knows that style doesnt have to be uncomfortable. Designed with functionality in mind, the TSUBO line features products made of soft materials that flex in the right places. The TSUBO Women's Caph is a perfect example. Constructed of soft suede and breathable mesh, this cutting-edge shoe features climate-control air channels and perforations for ventilation. Rubber outsole has rubber bubbles for shock absorption and skid resistance.

Clear Sandal Has A 5 1/2 Inch Heel, 1 1/2 Inch Platform, Padded Insole, Elasticized Adjustable Ankle Strap With Silver Detail And Clear Upper

Jessica Bennett stands out by providing the sophistication and luxury of Italian design as a bridge brand. Focusing on details that make each shoe spectacular, this collection showcases a wide variety of patterns all with one common goal, to provide a feel-good factor for feet everywhere. The diversity of this line allows for the representation of fashion's most influential trends, complete with an overall feel of romantic feminism. The unique styling of Jessica Bennett is left open to interpretation, so each woman has the freedom to accentuate her individual style. Modern construction provides an elegant, unmatchable look that is enhanced by the use of luxurious materials. Jessica Bennett has redefined women's footwear, making shoes more than just an accessory.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Slide down the banister in Rockport Barrister Dress Cap Toe Shoes. Stylish "steppers" now PRICED RIGHT! The perfect complement to your fine clothes! Feel good. Look sharp. Rockport did it again by creating another comfort Shoe. They fit right in with pampering, whether you're going to church or to a business meeting. Seems our volume buy brings you a top discount bargain! Let's go

Rhino Red sets out to deconstruct the concept of the American Dream. Born from a dream and nurtured into the spirit of creativity and rebellion, Rhino Red celebrates the American Dream while critiquing the conventional methods of attaining them. Rhino Red footwear is a testament to the times in which we live where hip-hop meets rock and fashion meets the street.	You'll look phantastic in the Marc Ecko women's Phabulous casual shoe. The leather upper features rhinestone details and a metallic screenprint. The rubber outsole offers traction and durability.

Head to the beach in comfort and style with the Reef Flex. This water-friendly sandal features a synthetic leather upper with a perforated quarter vamp for ventilation. Perforated Neoprene lining offers comfort and airflow. Textured CMEVA midsole provides superior comfort. Rubber outsole with herringbone tread pattern delivers great traction.

In 1892, Milton Florsheim began producing shoes in a small factory located in Chicago, Illinois. This tradition continues today with the Florsheim family's commitment to producing trend right, high quality footwear. These Derek men's slip-ons are no exception. They feature milled soft leather construction with sheep linings and a fully cushioned footbed.	Florsheim Mens Slip-On Dress Shoes feature

Just slide your feet in and go! Sleek Sebago Dover Slip-ons command attention. SAVE BIG! Dover Delaware. Dover NASCAR Speedway. And now Dover Slip-ons! The one thing they all have in common is world-class excitement! Just look at these beauties. They're all set to "fly" out the door with no time-consuming lacing whatsoever. And they slip off, just as fast. True hipsters, sure to show your good taste for dress, semi-dress and casual wear. Seems a slight style change spells Close-Out savings! "O" Yes! Looky

This reversible tote fits two styles! One side features a blue and green whale pattern on canvas. Flip it inside out and reveal a second side, made of green and white polka dot fabric print. The large kangaroo pocket is accessible from both the inside and outside, allowing easy access to your smaller, more valuable belongings. 		Available in colorful classic peace signs, sweet hearts, and whales printed on natural canvas.

A stylish tote-and-go style that's perfect for spur-of-the-moment weekend escapes. Dimensions

Cole Haan's Santa Barbara loafer is an elegant everyday choice. The slip-on features a rich and glossy leather upper with intricate stitching details, and its thickly-padded footbed with full arch support keeps you stepping comfortably all day long.	Handsome Cole Haan Santa Barbara loafer style in tumbled, polished or smooth leather.Genuine handsewnonthelast moccasin construction. Fully lined with leather. Rubber sole cushioned with NIKE AIR technology. 14.00 oz.

The ideal trainer for those genetically gifted individuals born with efficient biomechanics who like cushioning without a lot of weight. Synthetic leather and breathable open mesh upper. A low-profile midsole offers responsive, close-to-the-road feel for fast-paced training and racing. Trusstic System links the rearfoot and forefoot and shores the midfoot. Heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems provide maximum fore and rearfoot shock attenuation. The forefoot DuoSole/DuraSponge outsole provides the perfect blend of flexibility, traction and cushioning during toe-off. Weight 8.5 oz.

CLEARANCE,Demonia,Men's/Unisex Boots*MACHINIST-20, 20 Eyelet Double Zippered S/T Blk Le Calf BTAs designer shoes, these are often narrower and tighter than usual.Take this into consideration when you choose your size, especially if you are half size.This style comes in mens size. The size difference between men and women is 2, so if you want women size 8, you should choose size 6 here.

Famous DuraShocks comfort with pro - grade workplace protection! Wolverine Steel Toe Work Boots. BIG BUCKS OFF! These Wolverines are electrical hazard rated, with steel toes for impact resistance. But you also get Wolverine flexibility along with WORLD-CLASS shock-absorbing DuraShocks comfort to keep a spring in your step until the whistle blows. A discontinued style chops BIG BUCKS off the original retail price... you SAVE! Oil-tanned, full-grain premium leather uppers for durability; Oil and slip-resistant DuraShocks outsole for shock-absorbing grip; Flexible stitched-down construction; Removable, polyester-lined shock-absorbing DuraShocks insole with Dri-Lex anti-bacterial technology; Wicking mesh lining; ANSI 75 rated steel toe and electrical hazard protection; Padded tongue / collar; Each approx. 8" tall, 31 ozs. each. State Size. Medium width. Keep your hard-working feet safe and comfortable! Order Now! Men's Wolverine Exert Steel Toe Work Boots, Briar

No matter what the workday brings you, this Caterpillar boot delivers superior support and protection. The treaded rubber outsole gives great grip, while the leather upper is reinforced with a steel toe for safety.	When every day is a day youre hard at work, get the job done with Caterpillar's toughest work boot. Featuring the Techniflex outsole system that withstands the stress of flexing while providing maximum comfort.

Polyspun shoe covers used in operating rooms, clean rooms or around the house. Provides an effective barrier to protect your shoes, sterile environments or new floor coverings. Often used in home shows or occasions when you want to limit the amount of wear and dirt on your floors and shoes. Durable shoe covers may be used more than once. Universal size fits up to a mens size 10.

Leather upper is highly resistant to abrasion. The speed-lacing systems construction and materials are of the highest quality, providing lace protection. Mesh fabrics to reduce overheating. Polyurethane midsole provides lighweight cushioning and support. The gum rubber outsole provides added durability and board control. Double layer toe cap is key performance area.

OK, first, it's called the Guide Gear Bruiser... ...because these Boots are beefy, rugged, 2,000 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation warm, 100% waterproof and more. But one thing these will NOT bruise (well, besides your feet) is your wallet. Because like all Guide Gear, the best stuff comes to you without middleman or advertising mark-up. Get these bodyguards from heel to toes

Made to bring a smile to your little puddle jumper's face, the Dalmatian rain coat from Western Chief lets your child play all day in the rain. With a durable, waterproof outershell, moisture-absorbent liner for added comfort, and fun doggy design, complete with hood, this coat makes rainy days fun again. To complete the look, pair this coat with the matching Dalmatian rain hat.	This super cute raincoat by Western Chief is waterproof and has deep pockets, a full visibility hood, snap front closures and is lined with a fleecy, warm cotton. Fun, functional and affordable.

Dress outside the box with these cool casuals from Unlisted. Smooth leather upper in a casual athletic style, with a square toe, front, side and heel overlay details, contrast stitching accents, webbing side stripes and subdued. Unlisted logo details. Full lace up front, padded tongue and collar. Soft fabric lining, cushioning fabric topped insole. Shock absorbing midsole, traction patterned upper sole with wraps.  Style Name

The New Balance 790 is a comfortable and performance mid-top strength football shoe built for all fields and turf surfaces. Color

Hailing from the Tuscany region of Italy, Zelli International provides quality handmade footwear and leather accessories. Using Italian calfskin as well as exotic leathers, Zelli offers classic men's styles that are sure to get you noticed.

Meet the perfect capri companion in the Kelly T-strap sandal from Ros Hommerson. The open toe shows off your pedicure, while textured reptile-inspired leather adds an exotic flair to any warm-weather ensemble. An adjustable ankle-strap allows for a customized fit; a cushioned insole ensures seasons of comfort. The subtle heel and generous traction keep you in stride.	Beauty. Fashion. Comfort. These are the traits that distinguish Ros Hommerson footwear. Each season, Ros Hommerson brings a fresh perspective to Mark Lemp Footwear. Her classic styles combine tradition with contemporary colors and embellishments. Unsurpassed elegance and high quality leather craftsmanship serve as essential ingredients for success. Comfort is always a priority. Ros Hommerson strives to ensure that each shoe fits perfectly. Every pattern is made to her exact specifications and she personally tests them for comfort and fit. When you buy a pair of Ros Hommerson footwear, you buy with confidence.

Carolina 6" Oblique Toe Boots. These great-looking all leather Boots have a moisture-wicking Taibrelle lining and a shovel-friendly, triple-bar steel shank. They're lightweight, flexible and ready to work

Naturalizer was one of the first shoe brands that women could turn to for the feminine style they coveted and the comfort they thought was impossible to attain. Naturalizer's fresh, unpretentious designs are a smooth fit with your wardrobe, your life and your own unique style. Naturalizer promises style that makes you look good and feel good - always.	The Naturalizer Yahu sandals feature a suede upper with an open toe. The man-made outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Lighter and more comfortable than your average boot, LaCrosse's Alphaburly Sport Hunting boot will let you concentrate on tracking and taking your game. Constructed in naturally insulating rubber-clad neoprene, this knee-high boot keeps you warm and dry, odor-free, and on the move. A back shaft-lock adjusts for a proper fit, while uneven terrain is no match for this boot's midsole cushioning and grip-ready outsole.	All natural, hand-crafted rubber over insulating neoprene and Uncompromising fit, scent-free and waterproof protection from LaCrosse Alpha Construction. Safety Toe.

Stay warm in the hot style of the Free-Zing suede wedge boots from Naughty Monkey. This highly fashionable boot features a genuine fur trim, lace-up detail with genuine fur pom poms, soft microsuede lining, half side zipper, cushioned insole, and a high tread rubber outsole. Pair with knit tights and a skirt or tuck in your skinny jeans for an ultra sexy style.  Heel measure 4" with a 1" platform.  Shaft height measures approximately 16" from the arch.  The circumference measures 14".  Also available in Chocolate while supplies last!  Style # NMW456-355.  Olive

ROCKETDOG MARY JANE * FOLDOVER VELCRO INSTEP STRAP * UPPER--CANVAS* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH * SPOT CLEAN W/DAMP BRUSH* IMPORT SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $42.00NOW -

Look cool and feel good strolling on the beach or hanging around the pool in the Girls Slap 2 sandal from Reef. This cool shoe features thong styling enhanced with contrast striping and perforation details. Plus an anatomical arch support keeps your foot feeling good, and a grippy rubber sole keeps you stable in the surf.	Finally! A sandal that can play as hard as you! Not to mention, as stylish as you too. Go from the ocean to the volleyball game and then to the BBQ with friends. The Reef Slap 2 Girls is 100% water-friendly with molded EVA footbed and a grippy outsole. The Reef Girls Slap 2 sandal is made for adventure.

Durable and ready to face almost any trick, this Court Graffik sneaker from DC will keep you going cool and casual all day, every day. The leather upper is ultra-heavy duty and is resistant to abrasions and scuffs, while elastic straps keep the tongue in place and thick padding provides additional comfort and support.	Paint the streets with your new tricks in the DC Shoes Court Graffik SE skate sneakers.Suede upper in a technical skate shoe style with round toeLogo accentsDC overlay with reinforced stitching at sideLace-up front with elastic keeper strapsPadded tongue and collarMesh lining, cushioning insoleRubber DC "Pill" patterned traction outsole

Learn to tap dance at home with this Bella tap along studio set. The adjustable pink shoes, featuring real steel taps, slip over your sneakers and allow you to dance along with the "Tap is a Snap!" 30-min. DVD lesson. Shoes are one-size-fits-most. Ages 3 years and up. Imported.

Synthetic thong straps with zipper to adjust fit. EVA outsole with a leather footbed.

Men's Hodgman Brighton Neoprene Stockingfoot Chest Waders. Popular Hodgman Brighton Neoprene Stockingfoot Chest Waders are favored in duck blinds across the country for reliable warmth and comfort

Birko-Flor or Birkibuc upper, contoured cork footbed with suede liner, EVA sole, rubber outsole.     European Size 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43    U.S. Size (wms) 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12

Super soft upper for comfort, value and durability. EVA midsole for lightweight cushioning. Scalloped arch with finger notch in heel for stunt control. 15 Kaepodic team logo colors. Wt. 9.2 oz.

Rieker puts a stylish twist on the menswear-inspired trend with this Dana slip-on. The buttery leather upper has a nice layered effect and the dual elastic goring allows for flexible stepping. This loafer offers optimum versatility.	Reward yourself with European style with the Dana 56162 loafer from Rieker Antistress. This smooth slip-on has a rich full grain leather upper with flexible front pleats for a tailored look. The elastic gored side panels stretch with every step, while the pillow footbed delivers all-day cushioning. The stacked wooden heel and synthetic sole grip surfaces for extra stability.

The ultra-cute Sexy fuzzy slipper from Naughty Monkey will keep you feeling like a teenager or be an absolute hit at the slumber parties. The fluffy multi-colored upper, the super-soft lining and embellishments on the toe are sure to keep your feet happy and warm!	Naughty Monkey is a fresh fun shoe collection that originated in California and has everyone clamoring for the monkey from coast to coast. The naughty monkey, whose identity shall remain nameless, heard constant gripes and complaints about how mundane and boring footwear had become. In his monkey mind came the devastating first designs of a brand that would leave a lasting impression on fashion and how fun it could be. The evolution of naughty monkey to this day continues on the same maddening quest to bring the opposite of boring to fashion and can only be appreciated by those who have a little of the naughty monkey inside of them.

You'll love lounging around in the Tracey slipper from Daniel Green with its plush fabric upper that will keep you warm and cozy all evening long. Its memory foam footbed will give you maximum cushioning while its rubber sole will keep your stride steady. And since they're machine washable, there will be no worries when they get dirty.	Cuddly, soft-as-a-bunny terry cloth slipper  Elasticized tops gently hug your feet  Memory Foam insole  Slip-resistant, rubber-like sole  Washable  Line dry

Ariel and its brother shoe The Beast have long served as motion-control superheroes, coming to the rescue of runners with low or flat arches and excessive pronation. Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound? Not quite. But their full-length MoGo mids

Designed after the Father of American Jazz Dance, Gus Giordano, this leather tap shoe from Leo's is one of their finest. The full-grain leather shoe features a flexible arch, a lace-up front for a custom fit, and the adjustable DuraTap system offers the best sound quality possible.	Leos Dancewear is a world leader in the manufacture of dance shoes, bodywear, dance costumes and accessories. Since 1924, Leos has been committed to the core values of their founder, Leo Harris, with a passion to produce the worlds finest handcrafted dance products while delivering craftsmanship in service to the art of dance and support to those who bring their art to life. With every Leos product you are getting part of a brand that you can trust and respect.

This handbag is a Derek Alexander classic. The full leather flap, east west silhouette and amazing function account for the timeless popularity. The secure storage areas truly set this bag apart from similar bags in the marketplace.

Let out your inner animal with this sassy ballet flat from Me Too. The Della features a jaguar-print leather upper with a metallic toe cap for a stunning approach. Beneath, a grippy rubber sole ensures a steady step, indoors and out.	Cushioned comfort and sophisticated style shine in Me Too Women's Kim Flat Shoes You just might find it hard to resist wearing this glamorous flat every day! Latex foam cushions from heel to toe, while a memory foam heel pad adds extra comfort to soften your steps. A metallic toe cap gives the leather upper eye-catching shine for a look that stands out in a crowd.

Nine West offers a quick edit of the runways -- pinpointing the must have looks of the season, and translating what is fun, hip, and of the moment. It is trend-right footwear that you will reach for in your closet again and again. Nine West is sure to be your trusted resource for everyday chic style.	Classic knee-high leather boots are a wardrobe essential 	Nine West 'Bethel' women's knee boots feature stunning textured leather 	Round-toe women's boots feature interior zip for ease of entry

It's all about quality and comfort in the Toe Warmers On The Go! This women's mid-calf boot is set in a waterproof fabric upper and lined in Warmtex to ensure that your feet stay warm. This Toe Warmers boot features an inside zipper for easy on/off. Winter weather won't be able to hold you back. With the Toe Warmers On The Go winter boots you can stay On-The-Go!

Double - H 12" Gel ICE Safety Toe Work Western Boots keeps achy feet far away! The Ultrawelt with Gel Cell heel insert is a shock absorbing, foot pampering base to start from. The comfy leather lining forms around your foot and helps the stylish old town leather upper keep its shape. Comfy Boots

fiestey white leather 90

A neutral running shoe with trail features built to provide versatility on all surfaces. The non-visible rearfoot Grid System provides superior cushioning and stability by centering the heel on impact, while the XT-600 Triangular Lug outsole offers outstanding abrasion and traction properties. Flex grooves allow the shoe to bend and flex properly with the natural motion of the foot and the CMEVA midsole adds responsive cushioning. The mesh/synthetic upper features an Achilles' Flex Notch. Wt. 10.7 oz.

iglou pink suede 100

Renew your boot and shoe brush with these handy kits.  Both kits have 2 side brushes plus bottom brushes. Material

Women's Sporto Leah Lace-Up Boots. These Sporto Leah Lace-Up Boots are designed for an everyday casual look

In 1881 Daniel Green, a young traveling shoe salesman for the Wallace Elliott Company in New York City, visited Dolgeville, New York. Daniel was shown a pair of felt shoes fashioned from waste pieces of piano felt which had been made in the Dolgeville Felt Mill. Daniel Green noticed that these felt shoes were worn by many factory workers to keep their feet warm and comfortable on the cold factory stone floors, and thus a legend in footwear was born.

An attractive and a very functional way to carry and protect your boots and riding helmet. Made of heavy canvas with full zippers throughout. Adjustable nylon shoulder strap, features whip holder with quick-grip fastener and air holes to allow boots to breath. Color black. Products not included.

Made with the same superb fit and after sport support found in Merrell's adult-sized Jungle Mocs, this Kid's Jungle Moc wraps small feet in plush comfort and fun colors. The close-to-foot last works best with light or midweight athletic socks, although almost anything except heavy wool works well. Rugged and comfortable Nylex lining material resists wear and the plush and perforated EVA footbed can be removed or replaced with a custom design. Elastic stretch bands along the upper make getting dressed easy and shoelace free, potentially reducing the time it takes you and your family to load up the car and get to the places that you love to go.

Get ready to lounge in L.B. Evans Duke Opera slipper. Handsome leather and a padded footbed work together to provide day-long comfort, a certain hazard if you have to leave the house. A no-hassles slip-on style completes its easygoing profile.	You'll want to stay home more with the Duke Opera slipper from L.B. Evans. The leather upper and lining are as good-looking as they are comfortable. Stitching detail adds to the look of this classic indoor shoe.

Look Current and cool in this comfortable loafer from Hush Puppies. Leather and fabric lining allow breathable dryness, The removable mesh covered contoured footbed is anti-fungal and anti-bacterial. Best of all the midsole and outsole are designed for superior shock absorption and abrasion resistance.	The Sperry Top-Sider Tremont Kiltie Tassel is a classy shoe that'sdesigned to make you look good and feel great. This men's slip on loaferfeatures genuine hand sewn Tru-Moc construction for durability andcomfort. A non-marking rubber outsole with wave-siping is for excellentwet and dry traction while a full grain leather upper ensures years ofcomfortable wear. This Sperry Top-Sider slip on has a shock absorbing EVA heel cup for added comfort and support. Whether it's the work week or weekend, the Sperry Top-Sider Tremont Kiltie Tassel fits the bill!

Skechers is an award-winning global leader in the lifestyle footwear industry that designs, develops, and markets lifestyle footwear that appeals to trend-savvy men, women and children. The company's success stems from it's high quality, diversified, and affordable product line that meets consumers' various lifestyle needs. Since it's inception in 1992, the Skechers diverse product offering has grown from utility style boots to include seven Skechers brands and five uniquely branded fashion lines for men and women.	Just the casual style to put a little sunshine into any day  Leather upper with nylon lining  Removable EVA insole  Lightweight composite rubber sole  Adjustable hook and loop z-strap closure  Eyelet lace and leather detailing

Bates DuraShocks Warrior Boots with STEEL TOE. SAVE BIG! Durable. Comfortable. Sure traction like a tracked vehicle. And steel toe protection, to boot. You can trust Bates, a continuing tradition of fine-quality footwear since 1885. Specs

This medium sized ladies satchel is versatile and chic.

Put more "spring" in your step with Spira's Classic walking shoe. Its dual spring technology reduces harsh impact so that you'll have complete comfort with every step. The durable leather upper and traditional lace-up is practical for every day, and full cushioning and traction will take you anywhere you want to go.	Put more spring in your step with theSpiraClassic Leather Men. This men's walking shoe features dual springtechnology that reduces harsh impactso that you'll have complete comfort with every step. The durableleather upper and traditional lace-up closure is practical for everyday, andfull cushioning and traction will take you anywhere you want to go.This Spira walking shoe delivers exceptional comfort for serious andcasual walkers, people who are on their feet throughout the day, or forthose who must stand for long periods of time. Get unparalleledcushioning and energy return in the Spira Classic Leather Men!

Things were different when Island Slipper first started making sandals in 1946. Their number one style, the Bare Foot Thong, sold for $3.75. In those days, visitors came to Hawaii on the Pan Am Clipper. There were only two hotels on Maui and you could walk down Waikiki Beach and still see Diamond Head over the palm trees. A lot has changed since those early days in Hawaii, but this remains true; Island Slipper still believes our most valuable assets are our customers. Their belief is simple, produce a product with quality and integrity and offer it at a fair price. After fifty years it still seems like the best thing to do.

Rockport has always been one step ahead of the times, believing the perfect shoe has not yet been invented. This positive dissatisfaction compels them to constantly improve upon their footwear.  Founded in 1971, they were the first company to use advanced athletic technologies in casual shoes to achieve lightweight comfort, and the first company to engineer walking comfort in dress and casual shoes.	Look like a million bucks without spending much at all! Men's Rockport Harper Wing Tip Dress Shoes. SAVE BIG BUCKS! Striking looks and name-brand quality don't have to come with a high price. Thanks to a slight change in style, I picked these beauts up for a steal of a deal... and I'm passing the savings on to you. Take a closer look

Pass inspection in NEW Side-zip 8" Boots. Military inspired and duty ready. March to the tune of savings in these rugged, go-everywhere Boots. Did somebody say lightweight? These babies tip the scales at a mere 20 ozs. apiece. What's more, you can lace 'em up / down or conveniently use the time-saving side zipper. Hut 1-2, 3-4

Keep your kid comfortable in a dress shoe with classic design lines and sturdy laces to keep feet secure and snug.

From fashion boots to dress shoes to comfortable casuals, LifeStride has you covered with the most current looks and must-have styles. What you want, what you need, what you can't live without. Each season LifeStride delivers on the latest trends with a dynamic attitude and distinctive flair. From the sophisticated appeal of a high-heel dress shoe to the wear-everywhere versatility of a casual boot, LifeStride has the essential looks no wardrobe should be without. When it comes to women's shoes, there's more to LifeStride than meets the eye. What you can't see is the comfort. Soft insoles, smooth linings, and easy-flexing soles provide comfort you can enjoy all day and into the evening. Plus, LifeStride's selection of sizes and widths ensures you'll find the perfect fit. No matter what the looks or details of the moment may be, these are shoes with sought-after styles at the great prices you've grown to love.	Style meets comfort, and does it beautifully. The Ferotte!

Clogs are currently a really popular trend in womens shoes, and one of the reasons is because the style is so comfortable. Give your little girl that all-day ease in a pair made just for her. The Toby clog from Born offers easy slip-on entry into the supple leather upper, a padded sock inside, a flexible outsole and the quality touch of hand-sewn construction.	Give her the ultimate in comfort with the Born Toby clog. This casual girls' shoe features a soft yet sturdy full grain leather upper with a closed back for a traditional look and outstanding durability. Handsewn Opanka construction lends a flexible fit and feel, and the cushioned footbed offers long-lasting comfort. The Toby clog from Born has a lightweight wedge heel and a textured polyurethane sole for dependable support and traction.

The adidas Corner Blitz provides value engineered features in a classic football shoe. Leather and mesh upper is breathable with forefoot strap to secure the foot during hard cuts and line of scrimmage play. EVA insole adds comfort. CMEVA midsole gives lightweight cushioning. Torsion System adds midfoot integrity. adiPRENE+ insert aids forefoot propulsion and efficiency. Traxion outsole offers maximum grip in all directions. adiWEAR delivers best durability in high-wear areas. Wt. 11.8 oz.

The Classic Metal Series features include spring temples, silicone nose pads and earpieces. These sunglasses display the Corvette script laser etched into the upper right corner of the right lens. A deluxe hard case with the logo and script complete this gift boxed Corvette Eyewear style.Corvette Central #

DR SCHOLL HEAVEN FOOTBED * UPPER--SUEDE* SOLE--RUBBER * MEDIUM WIDTH .75" HEEL HEIGHT * IMPORT**SIZE 6 AVAILABLE IN STONE SALE IS URBN.COM EXCLUSIVEORIGINALLY - $42.00NOW -

Frigid conditions dont have to mean cold toes with these neoprene boot gloves. By blocking wind and snow from the front of boots, the gloves actually increase foot warmth by 20 degrees Fahrenheit. With their universal one-size fits all, the gloves stretch onto all non-alpine boots, making them perfect for snowboarders, showshoers, Nordic skiers, and ice climbers (when used under crampons). Each boot glove comes with an adjustable sole and heel strap (secured by hook-and-loop closures), as well as an optional buckle strap that wraps  around the top of the boot. The gloves fit almost all boots, from womens size 5 to mens size 13. For best results, wash by hand and dry flat. --Ann Bieri	BootGlove was designed and tested to -20 degrees F in the frigid Alaskan Arctic.  This thermally insulated neoprene glove for your boots will keep your feet warm in extreme wind and snow chill situations.  The Boot Glove is waterproof and has a velcro adjustable rear strap.

Life is unpredictable. These boots are anything but. Rugged and dependable, the Timberland 6 is a 6-inch premium boot that features extra padding at the collar for a comfortable fit. Guaranteed waterproof construction keeps your feet comfortable and dry at all times. A premium, full-grain, waterproof leather upper offers comfort, durability and abrasion resistance. Rubber lug outsole delivers dependable traction and durability. Padded collar offers a comfortable fit. Rustproof hardware provides lasting durability.

iglou brown suede 100

These are the men's 22500 durable, full-grain leather with breathable 1000 Denier nylon upper. These have a 100 % waterproof GORE-TEX lining for ultimate, breathable comfort. They also have Danner's hand-crafted stitchdown construction increases durability and underfoot stability. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole guarantees traction, stability and superior shock absorbtion. Its steel toe meets the ASTM F2413-05 I/75 C/75 EH standards.

Features Custom Ride Management (CRM) , a system with two distinct variations of stability ro meet the needs of a wide range of runners who have varying degrees of pronation.   Air mesh upper with reflective material. Responsive EVA midsole with firm, midfoot support bridge, rearfoot Grid(TM) System, forefoot HRC, E.A.S. System. XT-600(TM) blown carbon rubber outsole with forefoot flex grooves and XT-900(TM) carbon rubber heel. Moderate Stability

Women's Converse Composite Safety Toe Stealth S.W.A.T. Boots. Ladies, get incredible comfort, safety and durability for your next S.W.A.T. team operation! After long days on your feet or many miles of hiking, you'll appreciate its shock eliminator heel plug that'll cushion every step of the way. Check out these Converse Composite Safety Toe Stealth S.W.A.T. Boots

Uptown class. Downtown style. New Florsheim Woven Cap Toe Dress Shoes command attention. HUGE SAVINGS! Way too cool to wear to school... it's a class act! Feast your eyeballs on these suckers. Just the footwear you need for dress or semi-dress. For church. For meetings. For spiff. Shiny leather uppers with an attractive woven midsection; Long- wearing leather outsole; 1" composite heel has rubber cap for sure grip; Permanent, leather-lined and padded insole for comfort; Handy 5-eyelet lacing system; Approx. 3 3/4" h., 16 ozs. State Size. Medium width. Update your wardrobe with the finest. Order today to get yours! Men's Florsheim Woven Cap Toe Dress Shoes, Cognac

NaNa shoes have been sold all over the world for over 18 years.  NaNa footwear designs their shoes based on high end designer fashion trends using only the best European leathers.

Bostonian's Canton cap toe will put your comfort first

Circa Adrian Lopez 202 Black/Gold Shoes.

Biomorphic Fit(TM) upper, PHF(TM) (Personalized Heel Fit),Integrated Ventilation System, SpEVA 45 last. SpEVA midsole with heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, Dynamic Forefoot Cradle(TM). I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System). Weight 12.5 oz.

Founded more than 40 years ago in Van Nuys, California, K-Swiss introduced the first all-leather tennis shoe, the K-Swiss Classic, in 1966. Since its inception, K-Swiss has rooted itself in California Sport with an aim to be the most inspiring and innovative athletic brand in the market. Today, the company offers performance and lifestyle footwear and apparel for several categories under its California Sports umbrella including Tennis Heritage, California Fit (Running, Triathlon and Fitness) and California Youth.	Take down the competition on the court in the K-Swiss Ascender men's tennis shoe. It's crafted using a DuraFlow upper that provides state-of-the-art airflow around the foot for exceptional ventilation. The lightweight EVA midsole combines with the TPU Cushion Board to deliver the cushioning you need with excellent on-court stability.

Grasshoppers offers lightweight, flexible footwear from a premium line of casual comfort products in stylish and sophisticated silhouettes, to Lifestyle Classics with a preppy sport influence to go where you go. Grasshoppers celebrate a women's confidence	The Grasshoppers Westwind casual shoes feature a canvas upper with a round toe. The man-made sole outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

Bold. Aggressive. Tactical. Bates Enforcer STEEL TOE Boots are BIG BUCKS OFF! Guaranteed to "make your day." Enforcer Series Boots deliver the tactical edge for duty, security patrols and law enforcement. Genuine Bates quality since 1885. Full-grain leather and rip-stop nylon collide to form breathable uppers; Self-cleaning, rubber lug outsole for long- wearing traction; ANSI 75 rated steel safety toe; DuPont Thermolite light insulation; Removable padded insole for comfort; 6" h., weighs 27 ozs. Arrest yours by ordering ONLINE this minute! State Width

jumpp black fabric 100

Sanuk was started by surfers in southern California in the late '90s who were looking for footwear that reflected their lighthearted way of life. Founder Jeff Kelley was disappointed to see little selection in a category of footwear that had become his main shoe staple

duke black paris 100

The Ecco New York Bicycle Toe Slip On, an exquisite oxford for the business professional. Style tends to run a size larger.

This easy-on, easy-off, trail-style recovery shoe features a lightweight and supportive synthetic/mesh upper with ABZORB in the heel and forefoot for maximum shock absorption. The C-Cap CMEVA midsole adds cushioning and flexibility, while the solid-rubber outsole provides long-wearing durability.

Carve out a style that's all your own in this edgy, graffiti-inspired shoe from Marc Ecko. This casual, oxford-style shoe features a sporty leather upper with a round, plain toe, stitching accents, graffiti-style side logo embellishment and contrasting heel overlays. Lace-up front includes a lightly padded tongue and collar for comfort and fit. Soft, moisture-wicking fabric lining keeps feet dry and comfortable. Cushioned insole and shock-absorbing, crepe-textured midsole provide additional comfort. Traction-patterned sole delivers great grip.

Created to bridge the gap between stability and motion control. The highly ventilated AIRmesh upper offers breathability, and a BioLock(TM) Fit system locks the heel in place through a strap lacing system. CMEVA midsole with Composite Double Fan-Shaped Wave provides motion control and cushioning for the runner with low-arched, flexible feet. VS-1(TM) point of impact cushioning in the heel and forefoot. Solid rubber on the medial side of the outsole adds flexibility, blown rubber on the lateral side offers cushioning, and X-10(TM) high density carbon rubber in the heel for durability. Weight 11.1 oz.

Heavily distressed leather gives Ariat's Heritage Lacer boot handsome, rugged appeal for city slickers and country boys alike.  Lace-up styling lends extra stability to ankles, and the top-stitched kiltie trim adds modern appeal.  Duratread sole ensures smooth stepping on any surface.	These are the men's Heritage Lacer and they are equipped with a full-grain leather foot and shaft, moisture wicking lining, and a Duratred outsole.

Long Lasting Leather Upper, Guaranteed Rocky(r) waterproof, Heel Stabilizer for added comfort and Stability, 8-layer Rocky Ride performance system with dual-density oil resistant rubber outsole, ASTM F2413-05 I/75 C/75 Protective Toe Classification

If you're looking to keep things classy, then slip into Sebago's Kerry. The loafer always looks handsome with its detailed stitching, tasseled vamp, and smooth leather upper, and the lightly padded footbed will keep you in comfort throughout your busy day.	Outfit your agenda-driven days with the Sebago Kerry Men. The handsewn construction of this men's loafer creates a tailored fit in smoother leather. Thewelt construction brings the upper and sole together for unyieldinglongevity and style. Vintage details and modern accents team up to add sleek, sophisticated style to this timeless Sebago slip on. The full grain leather lining and insole with a steel shank provides comfort and stability. Timeless moments begin with the polished Sebago Kerry Men.

For every action, there is Kenneth Cole REACTION. This youthful, fun-loving line from American designer Kenneth Cole features fashion inspired by technology, music and pop culture. Youre sure to have a positive reaction to this stylish, versatile and affordable collection.	The Pinecone, a strappy little creation from Kenneth Cole's Reaction collection.  Soft grained leather upper in a T-strap, dress sandal style with a round, open toe.  Elastic anchored instep and ankle straps give comfortable relief.  Adjustable buckle closure.  Soft leather lining with a cushioned footbed.  Leather wrapped, 1/2 inch slim platform midsole.  Rubber grip outsole with flower detail.  3 1/4 stacked heel.

Designed to bring a smile to your little puddle jumper's face, the Frog umbrella from Western Chief lets your child play all day in the rain. Made with durable nylon and sporting a cute froggy design, complete with pop-up eyes, this umbrella keeps kids warm and dry, no matter how wet the weather. To complete the look, pair this umbrella with the Frog rain coat and rain hat.	Rain or shine, warm or cold, Western Chief Kids family of children's shoes and accessories are built to outfit your little ones from head to toe. Brightly designed, fanciful and fun, your child can now wear Western Chief's array of products in any kind of weather. They even have slippers, so kids can wear their favorite characters indoors!

Nine West's Gaffer pump will add a sexy-chic edge to your ensemble. This style has a genuine leather upper, plus a classic, pointed toe and spike heel, and the best part of all is the true comfort offered by its fully padded insole.

Slip into something a little more comfortable with the Jamie pump from   Trotters. Its ultra padded footbed and chunky heel will make it more walkable while the   elastic criss cross straps will always provide the best fit possible. And with its smooth   curves and supple leather upper, you'll be able to wear these unique pumps anywhere.	You'll never feel cross again wearing these tailored modified mary jane casuals from Trotters.  Smooth microfiber fabric or leather upper in an office-appropriate casual style, with a round toe, tonal stitching accents and crisscrossing elasticized arch straps for secure and comfortable fit.  Smooth lining with a cushioned insole with perforated arch cushion for ventilation.  Flexible midsole.  Smooth outsole, with a matching 1 1/2 inch low heel.

Designed for all levels of cheerleading. Pearlized synthetic leather upper is easy to clean. Low profile midsole reduces weight and increases flexibility. Wt. 8.4 oz.

Grab your daypack and enjoy a full day on the trail. Slip on the lightweight Timberland Men's Summitscape Hiking boots and go for a long hike or trail run. The Summitscape's climbing rubber toe rand protects your forefoot while you scramble up smooth rocks and slick inclines. As the hours pass, your feet stay cool and comfortable. High quality, low snap split suede uppers provide durable protection. Features padded collar and added heel support.

When it's time to show some attitude, the Portsmouth from KEEN makes a lasting impression. The moisture-wicking lining keeps feet dry while water resistant leather keeps the elements at bay. A tough rubber outsole lets you pound the pavement with confidence.	This stylish shoe has a waterproof leather upper with secure-fit leather Achilles support to keep you comfortable no matter how much of the urban jungle you have to hike through. The moisture wicking synthetic lining of the Keen Men's Portsmouth keeps your foot dry while the semi-aggressive lugs hold you securely to wet, oily surfaces. The removable multi density metatomical cushioning footbed will keep you comfortable throughout the day on terrain that could otherwise be punishment for your feet. Bad weather doesn't demand bulky, heavy hiking boots; all that is required are the Men's Portsmouth from Keen..

Developed in Southern California, Cobian has grown with the surf culture and has kept those within it stoked. While keeping their sandals looking good, Cobian has brought comfort to an entire new level. Whether it be sand or street, Cobian will get you there in style...with no compromises.

The Sada sandal from Helle Comfort will give you a perfectly flawless look while delivering nonstop comfort. This casual-chic sandal has dual shiny patent leather brass buckled bands, a generously cushioned and fully contoured footbed for premium comfort, and a durable textured rubber outsole for superb traction and a positive balance. Whether you pair the Sada with wide leg pants, skirts, shorts, or a flirty casual dress, this sandal will make you feel like you're on the top of the world! Protective bag included for storage.	- This gorgeous two-banded slide from Helle Comfort features two silver metal hardware square buckles for a great custom fit.	- The leathers are simply stunning with hints of black, blue. taupes. gold. olive, etc in them. They are also ultra soft and the insides are leather lined as well.	- Suede leather topped comfort padded foortbed with great arch suppoort.	- The outsole is made from latex and is extremly durable, lightweight, yet very supportive.	- The outsole has kind of a sculpted wedge heel that is not only stylish but also very functionable	- Heel height approx 2 1/2"

These boots offer great comfort, warmth and durability. Leather upper. They have 100% waterproof construction, ozone resistance to reduce premature cracking. Keeps cold off sole of foot. Heel kickers for easy on and off. Bob-trac sole for excellent slip resistance. Classic pac boots. 100% waterproof . 6 mm felt midsole, full cushion insole for added comfort

clint sand suede 90

New Infinity Wave technology makes this 80% more durable than its predecessor with 33% less midsole foam. New neutral last, midfoot Bio-Lock and AP sockliner. 2-layer X-10 outsole in heel enhances durability.

clint sand suede 95

Keep your energy level high by slipping on the sporty Energy 3 Punisher lace-up shoe from Skechers. Designed for both indoor and outdoor activity, this casual shoe features an oily suede and mesh upper for breathability, and a rubber outsole for traction and durability. The molded EVA midsole supplies additional comfort and support to keep you moving all day long.	The Skechers Sport Energy 3 Punisher shoes feature a leather upper with a round toe. The rubber outsole lends lasting traction and wear.

The adidas University LE Mid men's football cleats claim to be an updated version of a popular adidas cleat from football's "glory days," but a few minutes in the shoes will tell you differently. Sure, the adidas University LE Mid men's football cleats convert the old-school charm of a classic adidas style for a high-tech shoe that will turn heads on the field.Once you really begin to appreciate the enhanced non slip grip of the molded cleats, the comfort of the light-weight exclusive adiPRENE+ cushioning insole and the enduring structure provided by the TPU plate in the outsole, you'll realize that football's "glory days" didn't take place in some distant past before the invention of sports drinks, cheerleaders, and helmets that didn't look completely stupid. You'll realize that all this newfangled footwear innovation is actually improving and energizing the game for both the players and spectators, and football's glory days are still ahead of us.

Footwear drying and warming system for active people. Dry your ski boots, snowboard boots, shoes and more. Easily portable to take on trips. Engineered to dry safely and completely. Also pre-warms footwear interior to body temperature. Will not damage footwear. Noise-free operation. Just plug into any outlet (110V) for 30 minuutes. 2 year warranty.	You will appreciate these when you are riding for more than 1 day in a row as it is a drag to put on wet boots the next day.

Nine West Kids delivers trend-right footwear geared towards fashion conscious girls, age 5-11. The collections feature cool and savvy styles that allow girls to express their individuality and flare for fashion. Nine West Kids is a reflection of the Nine West brand, offering what's new, what's next and what's hot!

Biomorphic Fit(TM) upper, PHF(TM) (Personalized Heel Fit),Integrated Ventilation System, SpEVA 45 last. SpEVA midsole with heel and forefoot GEL Cushioning Systems, Dynamic Forefoot Cradle(TM). I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System). Weight 11.5 oz.

Get on a hot streak with Converse Wade 1.3 Mid Athletics, SAVE BIG BUCKS! Hot NBA style, so all your moves are in comfort! Whether you're grabbing the boards or just hanging out, these are your go-to players. A style Close-Out brings them in for LESS than last season! First-round draft picks

Yellow Box shoes are the hottest new fashion trend, and have been the leader of creative, cutting-edge fashion for young, contemporary customers who are always on the go. Today, Yellow Box provides the newest, fastest, trendy fashion collections available at an affordable prices.	Go Bananas over these sweetly sophisticated sandals from Yellow Box!  Easy slip-on construction.  Man-made upper features simple strap detail over vamp.  Man-made lining.  Lightly cushioned man-made footbed.  Cork platform and wedge.  Man-made sole with logo accents.  Heel Height

The Harness boot from FRYE is a classic design with seriously rugged character. Crafted from quality leather in a timeless shape, this boot features dual pull tabs, a square toe and traditional harness detailing.	Frye's shorter Harness Boot sports that same great American flair with definitive O-ring, straps and studs.

WORX by Red Wing 5556 Steel Toe EH Boots. Traditional style, outstanding comfort... even on concrete! When you're standing on concrete at work day after day, year after year... you're asking for knee and lower back problems. Unless you're wearing these WORX Boots. Incredible protection, unbelievable comfort

Women's Propet Velcro Valley Walker. Get them in narrow, 2X wide or anywhere in between! Get casual comfort from these Valley Walker Shoes

Recommended by hikers and backpackers, the Asolo OM2200 450 Power Matic 200 GV Men's Black Leather Hiker Boots are lightweight, waterproof, durably constructed and comfortable.Maybe your job entails wildlife photography, animal research or observation, or biological surveys and you spend a lot of time in the woods in rugged terrain. Hey, maybe you just love the feel of fresh mountain air in your lungs and spend your free time backpacking, hiking, and following mountain trails. Whatever the case, these Asolo backpacking boots have a great design and will suit your backpacking needs perfectly. The full grain black leather uppers are waterproof for a dry, comfortable feeling and easy cleaning after muddy situations. The Gore-Tex lining is both waterproof and breathable so moisture is transferred away from your feet and out through the shoe leaving you dry and comfortable.The anatomic footbed conforms to your feet for a fitted feel that is as unique as your individual feet. An Asoflex lasting board shank offers stability along with a triple-density midsole for shock absorption. The unique Power Matic soles consist of three densities that are molded together. The first density is designed to provide a high level of stability in the front portion of these hiking boots. The second density is in the heel area and is intended to reduce foot fatigue. Lastly, there are four low density cylinders placed throughout the foot in key pressure areas to absorb shock. The Power Matic (no batteries needed, thank you) dual density Vibram outsoles are both resilient, durable and slip-resistant for long-term staying-veritical-on-your-feet power.With all these features designed to make these boots durable, comfortable, dry, and stable, they are perfect for outdoors activities of all types, whether work or recreation. Pick up a pair of Asolo OM2201 Power Matic 200 GV Men's Black Leather Hiker Boots today and feel what a difference the right pair of boots makes.Size Manufactured

The heavenly Murietta clog from Soft Walk is like a guardian angel for your feet. This exquisite clog has a pebbled leather, an innovative patented "egg crate" breathable footbed for superior comfort, and a gored panel for the perfect fit and flexibility. It also features a steel shank for increased support and shock absorption, a lightweight durable Sure Step outsole, and Constant Air Flow technology allowing your feet to feel refreshed from morning to night.	Bloom with casual potential in the SoftWalk Murietta clog. Offered in a vast array of materials, this women's slip-on shoe features a classic silhouette. The leather lining surrounds the foot with moisture absorbing comfort, a lightly cushioned footbed offers underfoot support. The SoftWalk Murietta clog is finsihed with a flexible polyurethane sole for traction and durability.

Columbia Bugabootres Boots... here's proof that even a good thing can be improved! Big boot news... one of the most popular boot "families" on the market has been updated! The news is all about FLEX-SHELL technology that maximizes the warmth, comfort and protection of your boots through dual density construction. All the goodies

Take the world by storm in the 310 Motoring Hurricane. This casual leather shoe features a full-grain, action leather upper for comfort, performance and fit. EVA foot foundation midsole provides comfort and cushioning. Removable EVA footbed provides added comfort and support. Action Grip, non-marking rubber outsole delivers great traction.

Skechers Verdict boot has what it takes to get the job done. Its waterproof leather upper and lace-up construction offer protection, while its padded tongue and collar, cushioned insole, and heavy-duty lugged outsole provide comfort and traction.	Never let the conditions slow you down in the Skechers Enlisted 62393 boot.  You'll look rugged in the waterproof nubuck leather upper in a lace up ankle height casual boot with stitching and overlay accents. The Skechers Enlisted 62393 is a durable boot from Skechers made for the man who's just as tough.

What better way to support your Ohio State Buckeyes year round than with the Ohio State Buckeyes Printed Flip Flop? Innovative and trend setting designs have been fused with the colors and logos of your Ohio State Buckeyes. Whether you're off to the beach, working in the yard, or just relaxing around the house, our flip flops will provide you with the ultimate in style and functionality. Officially licensed by the NCAA.

Synthetic/mesh upper, PHF lined heel collar, Biomorphic Fit. SpEVA midsole, visible rearfoot and forefoot twist GEL Cushioning Systems, I.G.S. (Impact Guidance System), DuoTruss System, DuoMax medial post. DuoSole and DuraSponge outsole with AHAR heel plug. Weight 11.2 oz.

Propet is known for their 1000 mile walking guarantee. Now, that is a lot of miles, so shouldn't you look good for that long too? The Marina Walker sandal offers you a breezy-chic style that has a strappy and soft leather upper with a hook and loop strap, a cushy leather sockliner, and a PU outsole for additional comfort and traction.	Propet is a rapidly growing shoe company dedicated to making the worlds best walking shoes. Propet shoes are better walking shoes because they're designed and manufactured to be your most comfortable walking experience ever. Extra attention is paid to giving your foot support where it is needed, more cushy comfort where it counts and more room where your foot's moving parts need freedom when walking. The result has to be tried to be believed! Shouldn't you be wearing the world's best walking shoes?

Volatile shoes are as stylish and comfortable as they look, and they are the best shoes to stay a step ahead of all the latest fashion trends. The styling is edgy and fresh (and surprise -- they're comfortable!). With these sandals, shoes, fashion sneakers, and boots, you'll have the latest looks (and the greatest comfort) that will last you all day long ... and right into the evening.

ES Accel Black Shoes

Pick your non - poison! Superb Dan Post Work Boots! SAVE NOW! Rich leather and all-around premier construction! Dan Post never fails. Here in extra-wide sizes, too, for the harder-to-fit foot. Tumbled full-grain leather uppers, richly oiled to be supple and durable; Oil-resistant polyurethane outsole with "bounce" and grip; Removable cushioning multi-density insole; Repairable, stable Goodyear welt construction; Unlined for a natural, soft leather comfort feel.; Each approx. 25 ozs. State Width and Size. Check them out and make the easy choice... order now! Men's Dan Post 11" Work Pull-on Boots, Briar Dual pull-on loops.

With it's surprising supportive and responsive ride, the ASICS GEL-DS Trainer XI delivers on the key features that runners have come to expect from this leader in the lightweight training category. Biomorphic Fit upper provides enhanced upper fit and comfort while helping to decrease the potential for irritation. Impact Guidance System (I.G.S.) uses linked componentry to encourage optimal gait allowing for natural foot movement from heel strike to toe off. Space Trusstic System creates a pocket between the Trusstic System device and the midsole, allowing for greater midsole deformation and more efficient foot function. GEL Cushioning System adds maximum rearfoot and forefoot shock attenuation. Full-Length SpEVA midsole offers superior shock attenuation along with a cushioned ride and enhanced durability. Wt. 8.3 oz.

Mizuno...Your Passion Is Their Obsession!     Mizuno Mens Runbird Slides G3 feature

Materials

The classic 574 sneaker from New Balance will prove to be a staple in your casual wardrobe. The suede upper features retro-sporty lines and breathable mesh panels. The flexible rubber outsole and padded interior deliver the comfort and support you demand.	The New Balance 574 is a Classic Retro-Style running shoe featuring an ENCAP midsole, suede/mesh upper and a solid rubber outsole. Color

Keep your shoes in good-as-new condition with Allen Edmonds Premium Shoe Polish.	Founded in 1922, Allen-Edmonds Shoe Corporation manufactures premium men's footwear, accessories, and cedar products using the philosophy of quality, service and integrity. Taking shoemaking to the level of an art form, each pair of Allen-Edmonds shoes are carefully crafted by hand in a process that includes 212 separate production steps. No detail is too small, because supreme quality is the cornerstone of the Allen-Edmonds name.

These high-fashion GENUINE ALL-OVER HORNBACK CROCODILE WITH BIG CROCODILE TAIL BOOTS are hand-crafted by Pecos Bill. If you are a luxury-minded man that wants it all, then these are the boots for you! These Pecos Bill boots feature a butter soft lambskin leather interior for superior comfort and the sole is hand stitched in leather for excellent durability. These boots have unique features such as big crocodile tail on front, all-over hornback crocodile and embroidered crocodile design on the top. These luxurious boots are guaranteed to turn heads without the hefty $1,299 price that musicians and movie stars pay! Pecos Bill does not use the "painted-on" process to color these boots like other manufacturers, instead, they use a special tanning process to glaze the premium grade exotic skin. Pecos Bill's main focus is quality and main direction is aggressive high-profile mens' fashion western footwear. From television to music videos to recording artists, Pecos Bills western footwear has been seen all over the world. These boots are available in EE width, please contact us for details.

The best of a running shoe and duty boot in one -- easy dressing side zip and composite toe too. Light and flexible comfort for tough duty. Magnum Midnight Plus II features a lightweight, nimble midtop design and a more flexible "strobel construction" forefoot that flexes like the best running shoes. You also get an ANSI-approved non-metallic composite safety toe that protects your feet without setting off security alarms. Plus all the full-on duty boot construction Magnum is famous for. Made to stand up to the most demanding situations while offering uncompromising comfort and performance. Details

Birko-Flor or Birkibuc upper, contoured cork footbed with suede liner, EVA sole, rubber outsole.    European Size 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47   U.S. Size (men's) 7-7.5 8-8.5 9-9.5 10-10.5 11-11.5 12-12.5 13-13.5 14-14.5

3N2 took its original design for a 6-spike cleat and turbocharged it, adding more cushioning, lighter and more durable materials and the quality you desire. The men's Pro Metal is a baseball cleat with the mentality and comfort of a running shoe. It features a 6-spike TPR plate, compression-molded EVA midsole, no-slip sockliner, molded heel counter and double stitching in the high wear areas for maximum cushioning and support.

The Reebok DMX Barrier running shoe allows you to take on those rugged trails with speed and agility. Synthetic and mesh upper offers comfort, fit and durability. Full-length low-profile EVA midsole adds cushioning and low-to-ground feel. DMX foam cushioning. High abrasion rubber outsole with forefoot flex grooves provides durability and flexibility. Wt. 7.6 oz.

Be an original when you step into this Asian-inspired skimmer from Frye Footwear. Your feet are sure to breathe easily with its leather cut-outs that look as cool as they feel. A narrow, squared toe and fashion-forward stitching prove the Anna Cut Out Skimmer is distinct. Wear this fun shoe with all your favorite warm weather outfits.	This super cute peep-toe flat can be dressed up or down.	 	Distressed leather upper keeps them a rustic and rugged look.	 	Soft leather lining and footbed for added comfort.	 	Leather outsole with a rubber tap on the heel for traction.	 	 1/2" heel.	 	Product measurements were taken using size 7. 		Please note that measurements may vary by size.

Ergonomically designed for ultimate athletic comfort, pliable microplast material conforms to the foot. Built-in during manufacturing, CleenFreek's patented antimicrobial protection is engineered to provide continuous antimicrobial protection that lasts the useful life of the sandal. It inhibits the growth of odor causing bacteria, fungus, mold, and mildew to keep the sandal cleaner and fresher for longer. Durable one-piece construction provides longevity, 100% waterproof, machine washable, and inhibits smelly stinky odor. Slip-resistant outsole great for locker rooms, health clubs, showers, water and outdoor recreational activities.

Deck them out with the cute and fruitful Moragami boots from Sugar. These fun boots feature a sequined or fabric upper with bow accents on the side. A padded footbed provides soft cushioning, while the durable and flexible outsole offers lasting wear and a reliable step.	Deck them out with the cute and fruitful Moragami boots from Sugar. These fun boots feature a sequined or fabric upper with bow accents on the side. A padded footbed provides soft cushioning, while the durable and flexible outsole offers lasting wear and a reliable step.

The Mizuno Wave Ascend trail running shoe will raise your running workout to new heights. Mizuno Composite Fan Wave provides a great blend of support and cushioning in a low profile model built to handle the rigors of trail running. VS-1 shock-absorbing cushioning compound found in the forefoot. Airmesh provides the utmost in breathability and comfort of the upper. X10 carbon rubber allows for longer wear in high impact areas and supplements. Bi-directional outsole lugs provide extra cushioning and traction whether climbing or descending. Wt. 10.2 oz.

This sandal is the real deal. Suede-lined cork, leather and absolute comfort. The Orlando Birko-Flor has an adjustable triple-strap and shock-absorbing sole. With a golden brown look to match your favorite casual outfits, you'll love the way you feel in this Birkenstock.	Add some shine to your look with the Birkenstock Orlando. This three strap women's slide features adjustable buckles along the upper for a customizable fit that will suit any foot. This metallic upper is set atop the original Birkenstock footbed of sustainable cork, featuring pronounced arch support, a deep heel cup and a roomy toe box and covered with a suede liner.  The footbed of this Birkenstock sandal molds and shapes to your foot for unparalleled comfort. Have it your way in an adjustable sandal you will just love, the Birkenstock Orlando.

A great, basic sneaker for early walkers. Stride Rites Toddlers Parker II Stage 3 Shoes are comfortable and offer stability for those young ones who aren't quite yet steady on their feet. The flexible leather upper will move with even the most active child. A durable rubber outsole offers stability. These shoes will work for indoor and outdoor wear. The lace-up design is basic and helps provide a perfect fit.	A great, basic sneaker for early walkers. Stride Rite's Toddler's Parker II Stage 3 Shoes are comfortable and offer stability for those young ones who aren't quite yet steady on their feet. The flexible leather upper will move with even the most active child. A durable rubber outsole offers stability. These shoes will work for indoor and outdoor wear. The lace-up design is basic and helps provide a perfect fit.

jumpp green fabric 80

You'll love the soft leather and traditional moccasin style of this bootie from Minnetonka. The suede upper features fringed trim, decorative etched buttons, and a tie closure, while the rubber outsole makes it street-ready.	Soft, supple suede. Women's softsole or thin rubber sole.

jumpp green fabric 85

Made from 100% Australian Merino sheepskin, our Fireside Sheepskin Slippers are warm, durable, lightweight and soft, and the hightop shearling cuff provides extra warmth. These cozy slippers feature a 100% sheepskin upper, insole and collar, a foam mid-sole, and a lightweight indoor/outdoor TPR Honeycomb outer sole. Unisex sized. Imported.What is a TPR Sole? It stands for Thermo Plastic Rubber Sole. Thermo Plastic Rubber is one of the latest of products used to create mold-injected soles including polymers and high tech resins. These soles offer superior comfort to ordinary die cut soles, because they are flexible like traditional leather soles but are also washable and more durable.

Every little girl needs her own cinderella slipper. . . .pink leather moccasins with pastel rhinestones!!  They have a stitched on white boat sole. They feature a cushioned insole. Available in full sizes only.

In this Indiana Hoosiers Short Fur Slipper, your feet will slip away to a land of blissful content. A great gift for any member of the family and perfect for the holidays! Officially licensed by the NCAA.

The Propet Pedwalker 8 provides the ultimate in comfort, with a soft, breathable leather upper, superior cushioning, and excellent lightweight support. Double removable insoles create extra depth and volume, allowing ample room for orthotics. Perfect for the recreational walker, or the woman who's on her feet all day, the Pedwalker 8 is supremely comfortable right out of the box and requires no break-in period. The lace-up design is sporty and allows a secure custom fit, and the flexible traction sole encourages an easy walking motion.	The Propet Pedwalker 8 women's lace-up A5500 approved sneaker provides the ultimate comfort. This women's walking shoe is set in a full grain leather upper with mesh lining with a padded tongue for increased comfort. The rigid heel counter reduces foot fatigue. The EVA midsole and dual- layer removable footbed lends extra cushion. The Propet Pedwalker 8 is finished with a rubber outsole for traction and durability and is deemed as the perfect choice for people who need extra care of their feet.

Kangaroo leather upper with reconfigured Predator islands, asymmetrical lacing, foldover leather tongue with elastic band fixture, external heel counter. Two-part TPU outsole plate with exchangeable magnesium Traxion(TM) studs. Wt. 11.5 oz.

Like every Timberland product, the Timberland Eurohiker Down casual shoe is built rugged to withstand the elements. Nubuck upper features quilted down fill around ankle and collar for comfort and warmth. Removable insole allows a custom fit. Trail Grip rubber outsole with steel shank provides the best grip and support.

gosip black paris 55

Sorels most versatile boot, the Caribou, offers tough protection from the elements, whether youre on the job or enjoying leisure time outside. Its waterproof construction pairs with a traction-ready outsole for a weather-defying attitude. Its cozy Sherpa Pile cuff keeps wet out and warmth in, while a removable felt inner boot adds cozy cushioning--a real comfort, even after day-long wear.	Sorels most versatile boot, the Caribou II, offers tough protection from the elements, whether youre on the job or enjoying leisure time outside. Its waterproof construction pairs with a traction-ready outsole for a weather-defying attitude. Its cozy Sherpa Pile cuff keeps wet out and warmth in, while a removable felt inner boot adds cozy cushioning--a real comfort, even after day-long wear.

Best known for boat shoes that have logged more miles of open ocean than any other brand, the Sperry Top-Sider story began on a raw winter day in New England. When avid sailor and hobbyist inventor Paul Sperry let his dog Prince out for his daily exercise, he noticed that the cocker spaniel was remarkably stable, even at a full run on the snow covered, icy crust. Paul raced back to his laboratory to begin working. Using pieces of rubber, a razor blade, and an ordinary sneaker, Paul had soon pieced together the prototype of the world's first boat shoe. Subsequent designs yielded the original Sperry Top-Sider now known as the Authentic Original.  Since 1935, Sperry Top-Sider has been the leading brand of footwear for those who love the water. From its introduction of the world's first siped rubber outsole for non-marking traction, to its advanced technical fabrication to combat the elements, Sperry Top-Sider remains the vanguard of high-performance amphibious footwear. Available around the globe in fine independent, marine, and department stores, Sperry Top-Sider is the official footwear of the U.S. Sailing Team, Zodiac Academy, the World Billfish Series, and the Shimano Fishing Tour.	Sperry Largo Boat Shoes. Check out these comfortable, durable and high-traction Sperry Largo Boat Shoes for your next trip to the docks

Lightweight molded synthetic upper. Harmonix technology in the heel for ultimate combination of stability and cushioning. Dual-density compression molded EVA midsole provides custom cushioning in high stress areas. Wrapped construction for better court feel. Internal midfoot shank provides torsional control and midfoot support. Non-marking rubber outsole with unique pattern that provides traction in all directions.

Make your move in the Reebok S. Carter Classic Low Elite. Leather upper.Rubber outsole. ****Order quantity is limited on this product number to 10 per customer.****

The adidas Pro Intimidate MD 3/4 is the ideal football shoe for powerful players. Resilient adiPRENE+ and support strap help forefoot drive when you need to move a big body. Synthetic leather upper provides light weight and durability. EVA insole adds comfort. CMEVA midsole delivers lightweight cushioning. Molded rubber outsole. Wt. 18.2 oz.

Progressive rugged leather Chukka boot with outdoor cues. Featuring Quadensity, Columbia's exclusive 4-layer comfort system. A combination of four distinct cushioning layers and unique construction method that provide a complete system which offers maximum support and stability while maintaining superior cushioning. Columbia offers a wide variety ofoutdoorperformance footwear, outerwear, sportswear, and accessories.Columbia products areengineered using the best technologies and highest quality materials, providing you withinnovative products that are functional yet stylishand a greatvalue.

Genuine leather upper in "old school" styling offers outstanding comfort and support. Performance removable sockliner provides additional comfort, non-marking rubber outsole adds excellent traction.

Kick things up old-school style in New Balances M996 sneaker. Created with comfort in mind, this sneak has a soft suede upper with cool mesh windows for the ultimate in breathability, and it features a rubber outsole thats treaded and grippy. Versatile and easy-going, pair this shoe with denim and your favorite t-shirt for laid-back, on-the-go style.	New Balance The Made in USA 996 Sneaker in Blue & Silver. New!.

Made to bring a smile to your little puddle jumper's face, the F.D.U.S.A. rain coat from Western Chief lets your child play all day in the rain. With a durable, waterproof outershell, moisture-absorbent liner for added comfort, firechief insignia, and yellow and gray stripe, this coat makes rainy days fun again. To complete the look, pair this coat with the matching F.D.U.S.A. rain hat.	The way kids look at puddles; the wetter the better.  When the rain rolls in, Western Chief Kids' colorful and fanciful rain gear will keep them happy and dry. There is something magical about the bond kids' form with our characters.  Once a kid puts on their Western Chiefs rainwear, they will never want to take them off, not even at bedtime!  Our Western Chief's F.D.U.S.A raincoat will have them 'looking like our hero' as they make their way in the rain. This child raincoat's outer shell is made of 100 percent polyurethane; while the inner lining is constructed of 65% polyester and 35% cotton.  Our F.D.U.S.A raincoat has front snaps for secure fit, with two pockets to store little treasures. This raincoat is very easy to clean and care for with just soap and water.  Our F.D.U.S.A raincoat is designed to be worn together with matching F.D.U.S.A rain boot and umbrella.  As a set, they will add color to any grey day.

HOBO INTERNATIONAL recognizes the challenges that women face. They know we work hard and make a difference every day, and that's why they have been helping women carry on in style since 1990. Their collections of handbags, personal accessories, travel gear and carry-wear offer solutions to the challenges of everyday voyages. From exclusive durafiber to quality leathers and unique fabrics, HOBO combines innovative, quality materials in real designs to meet the demands of life. Designed by women, they understand what it takes to get there -- all their products have unique details that make the journey easier.  Organizational pockets, security zippers, sturdy straps, functional spaces and lightweight materials are all features that make HOBO products distinctive and versatile. Confident styling, edgy attitude, quality construction and practical features are the hallmarks of HOBO designs.	Show off your smooth, poised style with Hobo's Lola handbag from the Milano Collection. Leather wrapped handles arch above the gentle leather exterior, perfect a polished entrance. Zip top closure secures personal items within for engaging days of events.

Hodgman Women's Brighton Neoprene Stockingfoot Waders. Ladies... there's gotta be some real good reasons! Brighton is Hodgman's most popular line of Waders... that's a fact! It's a sure thing that I agree with the folks at the factory who told me that, and it's a pleasure to offer my fishin' and hunting friends (like you!) a quality product with a high value and a very reasonable price tag! Buy 'em from me... you know I stand behind everything I sell here at the Guide with a no-nonsense, ironclad guarantee! More reasons

This trim, handsome oxford by Belvedere is sure to add a touch of distinction  to your business or formal attire. Made with a beautifully textured lizard upper, the Olivo  features a five eyelet lace-up front and sculpted composite heel. The smooth leather  lining and fully cushioned footbed provide a comfortable interior, while the leather  outsole and non-slip heel blend high fashion with practicality.	Olivo is a flashy square toe oxford made with a genuine lizard construction and featuring five eyelet lacing for a secure fit.

A safe, comfortable workday is no accident. Not when you're wearing theses Wolverine 8" DuraShocks Steel Toe Boots. BIG BUCKS OFF! Wolverine quality. Steel toe protection to shield your feet against falling and rolling objects. Plus the DuraShocks comfort system and self-cleaning outsole. All these are critical to work safety, especially since slips and falls are the leading cause of job-related injuries. And all 3 are benefits of these great-looking Wolverine 8" DuraShocks Steel Toe Boots. And BIG savings isn't hard to take either. Right? What's not to like? Hearty nubuck and suede uppers hide their age; Slip and oil-resistant DuraShocks rubber outsole helps you hold onto the ground; Permanent, padded leather-lined DuraShocks insole for superior cushioning; Moisture-wicking mesh lining; ANSI 75 rated steel toe protection; Padded tongue and collar... no rubbing or chafing; Rear pull-on tab; Stitched-down construction for flexibility... no stiff "breaking in" period; Each stands approx. 8"h., weighs 29 ozs. State Width

Adidas GORE-TEX Hikers, SAVE BIG! A Trail Hiker... and more! Look under the hood, and you'll find Adidas flexibility and comfort built right in. You get athletic-shoe style and support, with sharp pavement-ready looks you can take downtown. Thanks to a slight change in style, you SAVE BIG BUCKS OFF original retail here at The Guide! Ready for outdoor action

These Oxfords display themselves to good effect with full-grain leather uppers that wear well. You'll be comfortable at the same time with a supportive footbed and rigid heel counter that make it easy to stride into the office for years to come.	Experience classic design and performance in the Bostonian Pollinooxford. This men's dress shoe has an elegant polished leather upper anda gently squared toe. Bicycle-toe seaming adds a youthful vibe to this Bostonian oxford. Acushioned footbed, EVA midsole and First/Flex construction provideinstant, lasting comfort. The Bostonian Pollino oxford is finished witha rubber heel and leather sole, embedded with rubber for durability andtraction. For a shoe that works with your lifestyle, try the Bostonian Pollino!

Dry idea that won't fade away! Roper Waterproof Printed Camo Boots, BIG BUCKS OFF! The camo is actually printed onto the leather... not painted. That means they won't fade over time. But that's just the syrup on these hot cakes. The real benefit is they keep your feet warm and dry thanks to waterproof construction and 400 gram Thinsulate Ultra Insulation. More

Wilson tennis footwear is designed to meet the demands of different athletes and player profiles. The line is divided into collections that serve specific purposes. The Tour Collection is super lightweight, breathable and fits like a glove.  The Trance Collection is renowned for supreme durability and unrivaled stability.  Finally, the Pro Staff Collection provides all-around comfort and all-court performance.	This shoe is a long time favorite of hard-core tennis players. Sizes

Keep your wide toed shoe smooth and odor free with these classic shoe trees  from Allen Edmonds. Made from aromatic cedar, the two part construction helps to retain  the shape of your shoes. Recommended by most fine shoe manufacturers.	Keep your wide toed shoe smooth and odor free with these classic shoe trees from Allen Edmonds. Made from aromatic cedar, the two part construction helps to retain the shape of your shoes. Recommended by most fine shoe manufacturers.

From its very beginning in 1935, Trotters has been dedicated to creating high-quality women's footwear with appealing looks and exceptional comfort. The unique comfort of Trotters begins with a careful choice of materials

The evolution of the classic, world-famous Samba for indoor play. Features a soft leather upper and comfortable gum rubber outsole.	No Description

PUMA is the global athletic brand that successfully fuses influences from sport, lifestyle and fashion. PUMA's unique industry perspective delivers the unexpected in sport-lifestyle footwear, apparel and accessories, through technical innovation and revolutionary design.	Looking for an everyday shoe that's more than just about comfort? Look no further than the Puma Mostro Perf EXT Women. This women's casual sneaker features a perforated leather upper for long wear and breathability. Hook-and-loop closures provide modern styling and a better fit. The cushy midsole provides both comfort and stability. This Puma sneaker also features a rubber outsole for maximum traction. The Puma Mostro Perf EXT Women has what you need in the feel good department, but it's the looking good part that will put a bounce in your step.

Kenneth Cole New York is the American designer brand with a conscience. It's the thinking man's brand, a distinction that's more important than ever as today's consumer sees real value in a shared belief system with the brands they support. With Kenneth Cole New York they're empowered to make social statements out of fashion statements. Founded in New York by a New Yorker who has been continually inspired by the energy that is garnered from being a part of the city, New York is in their heritage and future. You don't have to live in New York to be a New Yorker. New Yorkers are people with a New York state of mind. New Yorkers are living in the possibility. This is the embodiment of style

